Shares in BA were down 1.5 percent at 168 pence by 1420 GMT , off a low of 164p , in a slightly stronger overall London market .
The South Korean Agriculture and Forestry Ministry also said it would throw out or send back all Canadian beef currently in store .
" New Yorkers didn 't embrace these units like they could have , " said Matthew Daus , chairman of the commission .
" I really liked him and I still do , " Cohen Alon told the Herald yesterday .
Tight media controls and the remote location of the northern village where the fighting broke out made it impossible to confirm what happened .
She had been critically ill after May 7 surgery to replace a heart valve .
" In fact , I was physically sick several times at this stage , because he looked so desperate , " she said .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index added 11.98 points , or 0.72 percent , to 1,680.42 .
To put it very simply , Antetonitrus is Brontosaurus 's older brother , hence the name .
In the latest violence , insurgents threw a bomb at a U.S. convoy in northern Baghdad , killing one soldier .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was up 7.60 points , or 0.46 percent , at 1,653.62 .
The organizers of the University Games , which began Thursday , were hoping North Korea 's participation would help boost inter-Korean reconciliation in the leadup to this week 's summit .
The magazine glorifies the soldiers but not necessarily the Bush administration , which put them in Iraq .
Deirdre Hisler , Government Canyon 's manager , said the state has long had its eye on this piece of property and is eager to complete the deal to obtain it .
The last time the S & P had a larger one-day point loss was also May 19 , when it gave back 23.53 to close at 920.77 .
Perkins will travel to Lawrence today and meet with Kansas Chancellor Robert Hemenway .
The club 's board of directors , chaired by president Florentino Perez , decided against renewing the 52-year-old 's contract .
When ex-Mepham head coach Kevin McElroy walked into the court to testify , some of the victims ' supporters turned their backs on him .
The study indicated that men who ejaculated more than five times a week were a third less likely to develop prostate cancer .
Stocks dipped lower Tuesday as investors opted to cash in profits from Monday 's big rally despite a trio of reports suggesting modest improvement in the economy .
Tail wagging , Abbey trotted on stage with Conway before a crowd of more than 10,000 attendees at PeopleSoft 's annual customer conference at the Anaheim Convention Center .
The FBI informed Easynews that an individual had used the Easynews UseNet server to upload the SoBig.F virus on Monday , August 18th , the company said in a statement .
Michael Bloomberg , NYC Mayor : " I 'm gonna try march with a number of different groups .
Enter Miami Police Chief John Timoney , an avowed enemy of activist " punks " who repeatedly classified FTAA opponents as " outsiders coming in to terrorize and vandalize our city . "
Powell recently changed the story , telling officers that Hoffa 's body was buried at his former home , where the search was conducted Wednesday .
Further estimates show that it is the fourth most common cause of cancer in men and the eighth most common in women .
A company spokesman declined to comment further Wednesday , and a Redding Medical Center official didn 't immediately return telephone calls .
Hundreds of people have signed petitions calling for Dr Kelly 's resignation for his handling of allegedly sexually abusive priests .
Higher courts have ruled that the tablets broke the constitutional separation of church and state .
Police believe Wilson shot Reynolds , then her mother once in the head before fatally turning the gun on herself .
Viles ' body was discovered four hours later after he failed to respond to a call to return to his housing unit .
Igen 's stock closed $ 4.70 or nearly 13.7 percent higher at $ 39.10 on the Nasdaq market .
United States State Department spokesman Richard Boucher said : ' It is our judgment that the possible avenues to a peaceful resolution were not fully explored at the Tokyo conference .
More than 100 police officers were involved in the busts that were the culmination of a two-year operation investigating the cocaine importing and money laundering gang .
The Cleveland Cavaliers won the right to draft James by winning the NBA 's annual lottery Thursday night .
Acer said its Veriton 7600G incorporates the Intel 865G chipset and is priced starting at $ 949 .
The SharePoint Portal Server application , which facilitates teamwork , retails for $ 5,619 .
A subsequent report claimed that Jackson had actually become a member of the Nation of Islam .
Both strain 121 and Pyrolobus belong to a branch on the tree of life known as the archaea .
Police Chief Superintendent Jesus Verzosa , who heads the national police intelligence group that had custody of Ghozi , has offered to resign , according to Ebdane .
Jim Williams , director of the US-VISIT project , said that by the middle of November , many arriving passengers in Atlanta will be fingerprinted and photographed .
The billing mix-up , for between $ 100,000 and $ 250,000 , went unnoticed until after their legal defense fund paid out roughly $ 7 million in fees .
Antonio Monteiro de Castro , 58 , currently director of the group ’ s Latin America & Caribbean operations , will become chief operating officer from the same date .
Sabri Yakou , an Iraqi native who is a legal U.S. resident , appeared before a federal magistrate yesterday on charges of violating U.S. arms-control laws .
Others keep records sealed for as little as five years or as much as 30 .
Police today charged three men , one aged 28 and two aged 26 , with attempted murder , torture , rape , assault occasioning bodily harm , armed robbery and burglary .
Police said they arrested a man on suspicion of burglary , which covers unauthorized entry .
The same survey a month ago had Street leading Katz 42 percent to 34 percent , with 21 percent undecided .
Net profit was $ 275m , or 23 cents per American Depositary Receipt , for the period ending March 31 .
About 1,500 firefighters here and north of the neighboring city of Rancho Cucamonga battled flames with helicopters , air tankers and bulldozers .
The Dow Jones industrial average < .DJI > was off 58.69 points , or 0.64 percent , at 9,137.86 .
Kollar-Kotelly has scheduled another antitrust settlement compliance hearing for January .
The bill also requires the FCC to hold at least five public hearings before voting on future ownership changes .
The European Union was due Monday to demand Iran accept " urgently and unconditionally " tougher nuclear inspections and to link compliance with a pending trade deal .
Speaking for the first time since being charged with child molestation , Jackson added , " Why not ?
Nearly one in 10 people have a gene mutation that can raise their risk of cancer by a quarter or more , U.S. researchers reported on Thursday .
Trading volume was light at 726.40 million shares , but above the 642.73 million exchanged at the same point Wednesday .
The Senate Banking Committee is scheduled to hold a hearing on Tuesday where Donaldson is scheduled to testify on hedge and mutual funds .
" The panel told the U.S. to correct its flawed determination , " said Pierre Pettigrew , Canada 's trade minister , in a statement .
U.S. Wireless restated its financial results when fraud was uncovered , increasing its fiscal year 2000 loss to $ 17 million from $ 11 million .
Mr Alibek said : " Our outcomes are very encouraging .
While there were about 700 Uruguayan UN peacekeepers in Bunia , they were " neither trained nor equipped " to deal with inter-ethnic violence , Mr Eckhard said .
Squyres is principal investigator for the Athena payload - a collection of science instruments carted by each rover .
Monday said it has its first customer for its controversial Intellectual Property Compliance License for SCO UNIX Rights .
The House voted 425 to 2 to clear the bill , the first of 13 that Congress must pass each year to fund the federal government .
LLEYTON Hewitt yesterday traded his tennis racquet for his first sporting passion - Australian football - as the world champion relaxed before his Wimbledon title defence .
A charter plane crashed in Turkey on Monday , killing all 75 people aboard , including 62 Spanish peacekeepers returning from Afghanistan , officials said .
They found that 18 percent of the men who took finasteride , or 803 men , developed prostate cancer .
A few miles further east is Tehuacan , where corn may first have been domesticated 4,000 years ago .
Only one test , the effect on financial services , was deemed to be passed .
The mock explosion , the first event in the drill , occurred in a car in industrial south Seattle .
" For the same reason Dell and Gateway can get TVs , there 's no reason Wal-Mart can 't get computers , " said Steve Baker , an analyst with NPD Group .
The author is one of several defense experts expected to testify .
" We 've got quality players , " said Pirates manager Lloyd McClendon .
The WiFi potties were to be unveiled this summer , at music festivals in Britain .
Spokesmen for the FBI , CIA , Canadian Security Intelligence Service and Royal Canadian Mounted Police declined to comment on El Shukrijumah 's stay in Canada .
" The steps that the Iranians claim to have taken in terms of capturing al-Qaida are insufficient , " said Ari Fleischer , the White House press secretary .
Saddam 's other son , Odai , surrendered Friday , but the Americans are keeping it quiet because he 's a U.S. agent .
The company said that based on first-quarter results it expects to earn 90 cents per share for the quarter .
Texas Instruments climbed $ 1.37 to $ 19.25 yesterday and Novellus Systems Inc. advanced $ 1.76 to $ 36.31 .
He claimed Red Hat and the Free Software Foundation with trying to undermine U.S. copyright and patent law .
Still , Jessica Biel ( of " 7th Heaven " fame ) brings an athletic intensity to the role of Leatherface 's last elusive victim .
Dean aides estimated the plan would cost about $ 88 billion annually , and Dean said he would pay for it by eliminating portions of Bush 's tax cuts .
Caldera acquired the Unix server software of the original SCO and changed its name to the SCO Group .
Terri Schiavo , 39 , suffered severe brain damage following a heart attack 13 years ago .
Its chief executive , Lawrence J. Lasser , resigned under pressure last Monday .
Chante Jawan Mallard , 27 , went on trial Monday , charged with first-degree murder .
Officials are trying to retrieve the bodies from the water , " police officer J.D. Tambe told Reuters , adding 26 of the dead were women .
" This is where you 're measured – not in the regular season but right now .
Meanwhile , Harrison said , investigators were working through the holiday to prevent a potential outbreak of the deadly disease and to calm public fears about the food supply .
A floating airfield with a flight deck covering 4.5 acres , the ship took about five years to build .
As a result , 24 players broke par in the first round .
Happy Family has ex-Night Court star Larroquette and Christine Baranski as a couple whose children move back home after college .
The shooting victim was taken to Kings County Hospital Center , where he later died , the police said .
" Your withdrawal from our country is inevitable , whether it happens today or tomorrow , and tomorrow will come soon . "
Quinn was assigned to the 2nd Squadron , 3rd Armor Cavalry Regiment .
By state law , 911 calls are not public information and were not released .
New building hasn 't put any drag on the skyrocketing median home price , up 14.8 percent to $ 364,000 in April from a year ago .
They were being held Sunday in the Camden County Jail on $ 100,000 bail each .
Last year , he made an unsuccessful bid for the Democratic nomination for governor .
With diplomacy heating up in the nearly 10-month-old nuclear crisis , Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing is slated to visit South Korea from August 13 to 15 .
Seven of the nine major Democratic presidential candidates will address the forum .
Get it all out , " says Howard Davidowitz , chairman of Davidowitz & Associates , a national retail consulting firm based in New York City .
The driver of the truck escaped and is now being sought by the police , Supoyo said .
Militias also attacked local United Nations offices and , according to a United Nations spokesman , have fired into crowds seeking shelter near the airport in Bunia .
Analysts spent yesterday running the red pen through the accounts and are expected to announce more cuts to their valuations .
The American Stock Exchange biotech index .BTK surged 5 percent .
Mr Pollard said : " This is a terrible personal tragedy and a shocking blow for James 's family .
Today 's barrage could have been a show of force as the military steps up security against threats of intensified attacks over the Christmas holiday by Baghdad 's 14 identified guerrilla cells .
Some psychiatrists , Dr. Lieberman among them , noted that other studies of S.S.R.I. ' s in children had also failed to find large differences in effectiveness between the drugs and placebos .
" They were tossed around like feathers , " Gordon said .
Hundreds of soldiers took part in the early morning raid , an apparent signal to Hamas that Israel would not limit itself to airstrikes in Gaza .
Vivendi pointed out that in both possible combinations , it would maintain a substantial minority interest in a U.S. media corporation " with excellent growth potential . "
Until now , sales of the entertainment-oriented PCs have been limited to the United States , Canada and Korea .
" I would rather be talking about positive numbers than negative .
Some opposition leaders said they would reserve comment until mourning was over , but others called for the immediate withdrawal of troops .
National Breast Cancer Centre chief executive Professor Christine Ewan said it was too early to quantify the risk to women .
David Brame fatally shot his wife and then himself on April 26 in a Gig Harbor shopping-mall parking lot .
It also said it would reconsider its support for the 2003 show , which took place last month .
In a statement , Mr. Rowland said : " As is the case with all appointees , Commissioner Anson is accountable to me .
He told FBI agents that he shot Dennehy after the player tried to shoot him , according to the arrest warrant affidavit .
At least 11 more cases in Indiana and three in Illinois are suspected .
Campaign officials said the moves may have been a source of some friction with Fowler .
Continuing the record-setting pace of recent years , personal bankruptcies rose 7.8 percent in the 12 months ending Sept . 30 , the Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts said Friday .
Under the new pricing scheme , Universal would lower its wholesale price on a CD to $ 9.09 from $ 12.02 .
Former roommate and teammate Carlton Dotson , 21 , was arrested and charged with murder July 21 after reportedly telling authorities he shot Dennehy after Dennehy tried to shoot him .
Authorities did not immediately release the identities of the victims pending family notification .
Thursday afternoon , the Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index was trading up just 1.48 points , or 0.1 percent , to 1,049.59 .
Veteran entertainer Bob Hope celebrates his 100th birthday - and many years in showbusiness - on Thursday .
KEDO Spokesman , Roland Tricot said : " The executive board decided to refer this question to capitals .
Vice President Dick Cheney and Mississippi Republican gubernatorial candidate Haley Barbour acknowledge the cheering crowd .
While waiting for a bomb squad to arrive , the bomb exploded , killing Wells .
The index , which measures activity in the service sector , climbed to 50.7 last month from 47.9 in March .
Beleaguered telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies is being investigated by two federal agencies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia .
Compounding the pain for bonds , housing starts jumped a strong 6.1 percent in May while industrial output edged up 0.1 percent , just beating forecasts of a flat outcome .
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI was off 58.69 points , or 0.64 percent , at 9,137.86 .
States of emergency were declared in all four states as well as West Virginia , Delaware , New Jersey and Washington DC .
Wal-Mart , the nation 's largest private employer , has expanded its anti-discrimination policy to protect gay and lesbian employees , company officials said Tuesday .
The company said it would cut the wholesale price of most top-line CDs to $ 9.09 from $ 12.02 .
The news service reports wages among all nongovernment workers rose an average 2.7 percent from July 2002 through June 2003 , according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics .
Women who eat potatoes and other tuberous vegetables during pregnancy may be at risk of triggering type 1 diabetes in their children , Melbourne researchers believe .
Colgate shares closed Monday at $ 56.30 on the New York Stock Exchange .
SCO says the pricing terms for a license will not be announced for weeks .
Five Jordanian embassy staff were wounded but were in stable condition .
The drop in core wholesale prices in April reflected falling prices for cars , trucks , men 's and boy 's clothes and cigarettes .
Those reports were denied by the interior minister , Prince Nayef .
Under the Government Network Security Act of 2003 , federal agencies would have six months to develop and implement P2P security plans .
People with two copies of the mutated gene have double this risk , the researchers said .
Under terms of the deal , Legato stockholders will receive 0.9 of a share of EMC common stock for each share of Legato stock .
Customers include Mitsubishi , Siemens , DBTel , Dell , HP , Palm , Philips , Sharp , and Sony .
Meanwhile , the U.S. civilian administrator for Iraq , L. Paul Bremer , paid a two-hour visit to the northern cities of Erbil and Sulaimaniyah .
Kodak said the PracticeWorks deal is expected to add about $ 215 million to its revenue in the first full year after the acquisition .
If Shelley certifies enough are valid , the lieutenant governor must call an election within 60 to 80 days , setting the state into uncharted political waters .
It is for that reason that legal scholars said the Denver ruling is at least plausible .
The Dodgers won their sixth consecutive game their longest win streak since 2001 as they edged Colorado , 3-2 , Wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at Dodger Stadium .
Russian stocks fell after the arrest last Saturday of Mikhail Khodorkovsky , chief executive of Yukos Oil , on charges of fraud and tax evasion .
The two Democrats on the five-member FCC panel held a news conference to sway opinion against Powell .
As a result of the decision , Brown said CareFirst subscribers won 't have access to Blue Cross Blue Shield nationwide and to international service providers .
The victims were not identified , although authorities said at least one of the bodies had been there about a year .
" If we could do that throughout the world , we could end terrorism , " he said .
Analysts had been expecting a net loss of 54 cents a share , according to Thomson First Call .
The companies , Chiron and Aventis Pasteur , together made about 80 million doses of the injected vaccine , which ordinarily would have been enough to meet U.S. demand .
The Ministry of Defence said that " an investigation is being conducted into allegations that have been made against a British officer who was serving in Iraq " .
Amazon also reported that the New York Attorney General 's office had settled civil fraud charges with one of the spoofers it identified .
Geraldine Andrews , the pastor 's daughter-in-law , said Robinson recently took her daughter out of a mental health facility .
In an editorial in the journal , two breast-cancer researchers said hormones ' effect on the breast created a double-whammy that is " almost unique " in medicine .
The valid signatures of 897,158 registered California voters must be collected and turned in to county election officials by Sept . 2 .
Argentine Guillermo Coria and Netherlander Martin Verkerk are in the other half .
The Bush administration said Monday it will propose a rule change allowing governors to seek exemptions from a policy blocking road-building in remote areas of national forests .
PwC itself paid $ 5m last year over alleged violations of independence rules .
In the interview , Mr. Reed said board members could not defend themselves by saying they did not realize the size of Mr. Grasso 's package .
" This sale is part of our efforts to simplify our Foodservice Products business and improve its cost structure , " said Gary Costley , Multifoods chairman and chief executive .
Sales fell to $ 3.3bn in 2002 as the bad news hit the US market .
The agency said it would not release the name of the person involved because he is a minor .
An arrest warrant claimed Bryant assaulted the woman June 30 at a hotel .
U.S. District Judge Edmund Sargus ruled that the Akron-based company should have determined that changes at one of its plants would increase overall pollution emissions .
The district also sent letters yesterday informing parents of the situation .
PeopleSoft 's board of directors has said it will meet soon to consider the Oracle offer .
In one scene from the film 's final script , Reagan says of AIDS patients , " They that live in sin shall die in sin . "
Weyerhaeuser is the one of the worlds largest producers of softwood lumber , with the capacity to produce 7.6 billion board feet a year .
Mr. Bremer said Iran continued to interfere in fledgling political reconstruction , including Tehran s intelligence service .
According to SunnComm 's Peter Jacobs , " MediaMax performs exactly as ' advertised ' to the companies who purchased it .
York had no problem with MTA 's insisting the decision to shift funds had been within its legal rights .
" Good cause has been clearly shown that such change of venue is necessary to ensure a fair and impartial trial , " Prince William County Circuit Judge LeRoy Millette Jr. wrote .
But they don ’ t realize that until it ’ s too late ( of course ) because they ’ re potential victims in a horror movie .
Another said its members would continue to call the more than 50 million phone numbers on the Federal Trade Commission 's list .
Proposition 34 , a campaign financing initiative that voters passed in 2000 , limits fund raising and spending by gubernatorial candidates .
In Uganda , the Rev Jackson Turyagyenda , an Anglican spokesman , said his church was " very disappointed " .
Parsons holds engineering degrees from the University of Mississippi and the University of Central Florida .
That fire devastated timber on the reservation , while charring 469,000 acres and destroying 491 homes in surrounding communities .
MEN who drink tea , particularly green tea , can greatly reduce their risk of prostate cancer , a landmark WA study has found .
There was no immediate comment from Savage , who did not respond to E-mail requests for an interview .
" I had never wanted the matter to come to court and have been overwhelmed by the whole court process and the media coverage that has surrounded the case .
Dave Tomlin , assistant general counsel of The A.P. , said his organization was still deciding whether to appeal .
The government recently shelved peace talks with the MILF , being brokered by Malaysia , after a string of attacks , including three bombings , on Mindanao .
The combined companies ' commercial and personal lines will be consolidated under the Travelers brand and will be based in Hartford , Conn . , Travelers ' current headquarters .
Police then called a bomb squad , but the device exploded , killing Wells , before bomb technicians arrived .
Federal prosecutors , the Securities and Exchange Commission , and the mortgage company 's regulator launched investigations into Freddie Mac 's shake-up .
U.S. prosecutors have arrested more than 130 individuals and have seized more than $ 17 million in a continuing crackdown on Internet fraud and abuse .
Batters faced : Sheets 28 , Vizcaino 2 , DeJean 4 , Clement 26 , Alfonseca 4 , Guthrie 2 , Farnsworth 4 .
Instead , prosecutors dismissed charges and Rucker left the courtroom a free man .
Monkeypox is usually found only in central and western Africa .
I think he has to disembrace Putin and put him on notice that he is taking the country in the wrong direction , " Soros said .
The Senate version has no coverage for annual costs between $ 4,450 and $ 5,800 .
Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle , D-S.D. , is leading the opposition .
From Broadway comedies like " The Seven Year Itch " ( 1952 ) , " Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter ? "
In New Hampshire yesterday , Mr Bush reiterated Saddam 's regime " possessed and used weapons of mass destruction , sponsored terrorist groups and inflicted terror on its own people " .
The 6th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals on Wednesday ruled that an Ohio law banning a controversial late-term abortion method passes constitutional muster and the state can enforce it .
" I 'm not going to be sponsoring it because it is not our proposal but I 'm not going to be negative about it " .
The Foundation said telephone support would cost $ 39.95 per incident .
If Senator Clinton does decide to run in 2008 , she cannot announce her candidacy before 2006 , which is when she faces re-election for the Senate .
" But they did not , as of the time of this particular tragic event , provide the security we had requested , " Jordan said .
The subject was scarcely mentioned in his campaign , or in the national security strategy that is his administration 's bible .
Gainer said the two staff aides are " very sorry this all happened , " and the security personnel had performed " well within standards . "
It warned that London , along with several other foreign cities , was facing an increasing threat of a suicide bomb attack .
Jirsa is being introduced as Marshall head coach today at a noon news conference in the Bob Hartley / Big Green Room of Cam Henderson Center , The Herald-Dispatch learned .
" The National has no interest in acquiring AMP while AMP owns its UK business , " Cicutto added .
" This is my sweatshirt which my brother Jaafar used to borrow from me all the time , " said Mekki .
Braker said Wednesday that police , as part of protocol , were talking with other children Cruz had access to .
Knight agreed to a two-year , $ 2.38 million contract that included a $ 300,000 signing bonus .
He fought for laws that kept his daughter segregated and in an inferior position .
But the plan was dropped because some of the terrorists were uncomfortable that schoolchildren would be their victims .
The industry groups non-manufacturing index rose to 50.7 during the month , up from Marchs reading of 47.9 .
Magner , who is 54 and known as Marge , has been the consumer group 's chief operating officer since April 2002 , and sits on Citigroup 's management committee .
Ending the picketing at Ralphs frees up about 18,000 union members .
The deal with the Carmel-based insurer is expected to close shortly , said Macklowe spokesman Howard J. Rubenstein .
County Judge Tim Harley declared a mistrial because the jury could not reach a verdict .
An outspoken opponent of terrorism , Said 's key political allies were Palestinian intellectuals and civic leaders outside the Arafat-dominated PLO and Palestinian Authority .
Software developers use compilers to translate programming languages such as C + + into the language that can be read by a particular processor .
The state will consider the police memorial after planning a World Trade Center Memorial , said Micah Rasmussen , a spokesman for Gov. James E. McGreevey .
Named after the msblast.exe file that contains the program , MSBlast continued to spread to new computers on Thursday , but the rate of infection has slowed significantly .
NBC also announced it has struck a deal to keep ER on the air for three more seasons .
Nicholas is the uncle of Louima , the Haitian immigrant who was sexually tortured by NYPD cops in 1997 .
The nation 's median household income , adjusted for inflation , declined 1.1 percent , to $ 42,409 in 2002 , the Census Bureau reported Friday .
" The lies and deceptions from Saddam have been well documented over 12 years . "
Defense lawyers had objected in pretrial hearings to the videotape and the photo , saying they were too unclear to identify Muhammad .
A poll showed that the FBI bugging of the mayor had given a boost to his reelection effort against GOP opponent Sam Katz .
The moves came within four days of the crash and before the National Transportation Safety Board finished investigating .
Monday 's attacks Monday were among the deadliest against Americans since Sept . 11 , 2001 .
A bill that would have fully legalized marijuana for medical purposes in Connecticut was narrowly defeated in the House of Representatives on Wednesday .
The Conference Board reported its U.S. Consumer Confidence Index slipped to 83.5 in June from 83.6 in May .
The victims were last seen at church last Sunday ; their bodies were discovered Tuesday .
Sen. John Kerry , Massachusetts Democrat , came in second place for the quarter with $ 5.8 million .
It was the best advance since Oct. 1 , when the index gained 22.25 .
" Intel will use this advancement along with other innovations , such as strained silicon and tri-gate transistors , to extend transistor scaling and Moore 's Law , " he added .
MGM , NBC and Liberty executives were not immediately available for comment .
The women said those rape victims who did come forward were routinely punished for minor infractions while their assailants escaped judgement , prompting most victims to remain silent .
The State Court of Appeals did not explain the reason for keeping the lower court 's unanimous opinion from July .
Another shooting linked to the spree occurred Nov. 11 at Hamilton Central Elementary in Obetz , about two miles from the freeway .
" There is the real potential for a secondary collapse , " Gov. James McGreevey said .
Police launched an international hunt for Shevaun Pennington after she ran away with 31-year-old Toby Studabaker Saturday .
The body of one of the four teens , 17-year-old Max Guarino , was found April 25 in Long Island Sound .
Dotson was arrested July 21 after calling 911 , saying he needed help because he was hearing voices , authorities said .
UN armored personnel carriers trained machine guns on Bunia 's main street but did not open fire .
Both were a few metres apart , Mr Laczynski pressing against the metal fence dividing court officials from the crowd .
For legal purposes , J.P. Morgan and Citigroup neither admit nor deny the SEC charges under the settlements .
Other members of the organization are believed to be in Pakistani cities , and many of the arrests of key al-Qaida operatives have taken place in those areas .
Dixon was otherwise the class of the field at Pikes Peak International Raceway .
A $ 50 million plan to keep Detroit Receiving and Hutzel Women 's hospitals open was offered Tuesday under proposed funding from state officials .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was down 25.36 points , or 1.53 percent , at 1,628.26 .
Swartz , indicted in February , had argued that New Hampshire was the wrong place to charge him .
The resolution was approved with no debate by delegates at the bar association 's annual meeting here .
NBC also is introducing three new dramas , including one starring West Wing fugitive Rob Lowe as a Washington lawyer .
Dewhurst 's proposal calls for an abrupt end to the controversial " Robin Hood " plan for school finance .
The study adds to the evidence that diet might affect a person 's chances of developing the mind-robbing disease that affects 4 million Americans .
On May 22 , 2002 , a man walking his dog came across some of Levy 's bones in Washington 's Rock Creek Park .
" The European Union is basically absent , " said Tito Barbini , regional minister for agriculture in Tuscany , Italy .
This study 's researchers , from the Institute of Child Development of the University of Minnesota , had earlier found the same pattern in children aged three and four .
Since early May , the city has received 1,400 reports of dead blue jays and crows , Jayroe said .
Grassley and Baucus rejected any disparity in drug benefits .
Ernst & Young admitted no wrongdoing with the settlement .
The government began on September 1 to add the word " Taiwan " in English to the cover of new passport , a decision slammed by Beijing .
Black Democratic leaders were trying to arrange a meeting with Democratic National Committee Chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoffs of 10 minority staffers at party headquarters .
Declining issues outnumbered advancers nearly 2 to 1 on the New York Stock Exchange .
I felt like it was a special day , but I didn 't want to get ahead of myself , " Stanford said .
The soldiers , from the 3rd Armored Cavalry , were hurt when their Humvee vehicle struck a mine in Hit .
It is priced at $ 5,995 for an unlimited number of users tapping into the single processor , or $ 195 per user with a minimum of five users .
Besides battling its sales slump , Siebel also has been sparring with some investors upset about huge stock option windfalls company managers have pocketed .
The last month has been a whirlwind for an 18-year-old who led his high school team to the Ohio state championship .
His hatred for these people had germinated from these discussions and helped cement his belief that violence was the panacea .
The poll shows Bill White supported by 53 percent of surveyed voters -- Orlando Sanchez by 35 percent .
TVT Records sought $ 360 million in punitive damages and $ 30 million in compensatory damages , officials said .
The launch marks the start of a new golden age in Mars exploration .
Two convicted killers and another inmate escaped from a state prison on a busy street Wednesday by cutting through a fence , a Corrections Department official said .
State health officials said today a young northeast Kansas woman likely has the state 's first case of monkeypox among humans or animals .
The final price will be the lower of a 5 per cent discount to the average trading price over the period or $ 5.50 , the institutional placement price .
The leading actress nod went to energetic newcomer Marissa Jaret Winokur as Edna 's daughter Tracy .
But church members and observers say they expect that the decision could be problematic for many Episcopalians .
Excluding the charges , analysts , on average , expected a loss of 11 cents a share .
The three grocery chains were relying on store managers and replacement workers to keep their stores open .
A 114-year-old Japanese woman who had assumed the title of the world 's oldest person last month died Thursday , a spokesperson for Hiroshima city said .
Taiwan has attempted to gain observer status to the United Nations-affiliated WHO for seven years , but again was rebuffed March 19 at its annual conference in Geneva .
Doctors have speculated that the body ’ s own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow .
Casteen has been under pressure from Gov. Mark R. Warner and other state officials to do whatever he could to protect Virginia Tech 's athletic viability .
The consumer group generated $ 4.47 billion of profit and $ 20 billion of revenue from January to June , 53 % of Citigroup 's profit and revenue .
" In so many different ways , the artistry of black musicians has conveyed the experience of black Americans throughout our history , " Bush said .
That fire devastated timber on the reservation , charred 469,000 acres and destroyed 491 homes in surrounding communities .
Halabi 's military attorney , Air Force Maj. James Key , denied the charges , which could carry a death penalty .
I 'm never going to forget this day .
Her lawyers filed a lawsuit against the Dallas County district attorney , Henry Wade , challenging Texas 's abortion laws .
In addition , Panther includes FileVault , a new feature that secures the contents of a home directory with 128-bit AES encryption .
The European Commission has developed a set of guidelines to help public administrators decide whether to migrate their enterprises to Open Source Software or not .
" The mission of the CAPPS II system has been and always will be aviation security , " said the administration , part of the Homeland Security Department .
" I am proud that I stood against Richard Nixon , not with him , " Kerry said .
The tech-loaded Nasdaq composite rose 20.96 points to 1595.91 to end at its highest level for 12 months .
He was tracked to Atlanta where he was arrested on Tuesday night .
The witness , a 27-year-old Kosovan parking attendant with criminal convictions for dishonesty , was paid 10,000 by the News of the World .
Stewart said the ring was most likely a work in progress , and that weak links such as being tied to a single server will be eliminated over time .
Intel sells the current top Pentium for US $ 637 in quantities of 1,000 .
The new department is charged with patrolling borders , analyzing U.S. intelligence , responding to emergencies and guarding against terrorism , among other tasks .
At 12 months there was still a difference in function , although it was not a significant one .
The gunman , identified as Harold Kilpatrick Jr . , 26 , had left a note saying he " wanted to kill some people and die today . "
A coalition of states petitioned a federal appeals court Thursday in an effort to force the Environmental Protection Agency to regulate greenhouse gas emissions .
Scott McClellan , a White House spokesman , called the decision " troubling and flawed . "
Reacting to Thompson 's attack , Ed Skyler , a spokesman for Bloomberg , said the controller 's statements , " while noteworthy for their sensationalism , bear no relation to the facts . "
Reuters witnesses said many houses had been flattened and the city squares were packed with crying children and the homeless , huddled in blankets to protect them from the cold .
The Labor Day race for Fontana has gained momentum since the series visited the Speedway for the Auto Club California 500 last April .
The German envoy , Gunter Pleuger , told reporters today , " The important issues are how the political process is being organized . "
The mother also alleged in the lawsuit that she was sexually assaulted by one of the guards .
Extra guidance on countering suicide bombers is now being given to officers in London and will be extended over the next month to police around the country .
Ohio Attorney General Jim Petro hailed the appellate court ruling .
The broad Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index was up 4.83 points or 0.49 per cent to 980.76 .
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index gained 2.90 points , or 0.18 percent , to 1,606.87 .
Hispanics , the fastest growing ethnic group in the US , have overtaken blacks to become the largest minority in the US , according to newly released government figures .
Powerful Mistral winds were fanning the flames , which have destroyed more than 8,000 hectares ( 20,000 acres ) of pinewood since the blazes started Monday afternoon .
Garner said the self-proclaimed mayor of Baghdad , Mohammed Mohsen al-Zubaidi , was released after two days in coalition custody .
U.N. inspectors later said the documents were old and irrelevant -- some administrative material , some from a failed and well-known uranium-enrichment program of the 1980s .
Prosecutors maintained that Durst murdered Black to try to assume Black 's identity .
That compared with a year-earlier profit of $ 102 million , or 13 cents a share .
" For one thing , it says , ' Come on , it 's working , ' " said Don Marti , editor in chief of the Linux Journal .
The jawbone is similar to those of other early modern humans found in Africa , the Middle East and later in Europe .
" What can I say to you ? " he told a crowd at a cemetery with a thousand headstones , many of them marking the graves of entire families .
The confusion capped a tumultuous week for the list , which is intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketing calls .
Oracle followed with 33.8 percent of the market and Microsoft came in third with an 18 percent share .
Mehr said police had no way of knowing what Kilpatrick was shooting at when he fired his gun .
NASIRIYA , Iraq — Iraqi doctors who treated former prisoner of war Jessica Lynch have angrily dismissed claims made in her biography that she was raped by her Iraqi captors .
A spokesman said : " Since November , we have co-operated fully with the police .
ABC broadcast a special " World News Tonight " report out of Washington anchored by Ted Koppel .
The incubation period in cattle is four to five years , said Stephen Sundlof of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration .
In its statement , the bank said it believed " the long-term prospects for the energy sector in the United Kingdom remain attractive . "
The officials did not say whether U.S. forces crossed into Syrian territory and were vague about how the Syrian border guards became involved .
Energy and Commerce Committee Chairman Billy Tauzin , R-La . , said Friday that he will hold a hearing on the blackout as soon as lawmakers return in September .
" Clearly , the debate ( over recent developments ) has had an effect , " says David Smith of the Human Rights Campaign .
" It appears that many employers accused of workplace discrimination will be considered guilty until they can prove themselves innocent , " he said .
Agriculture ministers from more than one hundred nations are expected to attend the three-day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology sponsored by the U.S. Department of Agriculture .
On health care , the NDP says there will be no privatization and no health-care premiums .
The Nasdaq Composite Index rose 19.67 , or 1.3 percent , to 1523.71 , its highest since June 18 .
Writing for the minority , Justice John Paul Stevens said the interrogation was akin to " an attempt to obtain an involuntary confession from a prisoner by torturous methods . "
Muhammad and Malvo , 18 , are not related , but have referred to each other as father and son .
Simon shares Tuesday closed up 42 cents , or about 1 percent , at $ 39.45 on the New York Stock Exchange .
Prairie dogs sold as exotic pets are believed to have been infected in an Illinois pet shop by a Gambian giant rat imported from Africa .
Guidant said it will continue to ship the product and provide support to doctors and patients through October 2003 .
The router will be available in the first quarter of 2004 and will cost around $ 200 , the company said .
Hong Kong was flat , Australia , Singapore and South Korea lost 0.2-0.4 percent .
Yes , from today Flash memory purchased from AMD or Fujitsu will be branded Spansion .
From the start , however , the United States ' declared goal was not just to topple Saddam but to stabilize Iraq and install a friendly government .
The interview came a day after a report in the British press that he had been taken into custody .
Aprils unemployment rate is the highest since late last year .
Griffith , a Mount Airy native , now lives on the North Carolina coast in Manteo .
" This is one of the most important solutions for portable gaming , " Nintendo R & D general manager Satoru Okada said in a statement .
Small-business customers paying $ 1,200 to $ 3,200 a year could save $ 60 to $ 120 .
The Toronto Stock Exchange opened on time and slightly lower .
Besides Hampton and Newport News , the grant funds water testing in Yorktown , King George County , Norfolk and Virginia Beach .
Still , revenues from the extra premiums would not be huge .
Iraq is selling about 10 million barrels of oil that 's currently in storage .
The Episcopal Diocese of Central Florida became one of the first in the nation Saturday to officially reject the national denomination 's policies on homosexuality .
Larger publishers such as Viacom Inc . ' s VIAb.N Simon & Schuster and Bertelsmann AG 's BERT.UL Random House decided against pursuing the books group , the sources said .
The woman had agreed to testify after receiving immunity protecting her from punishment for lying and other violations of the academy 's honor code .
" And the swagger of a president who says ' Bring ' em on ' does not bring our troops peace or safety . "
A Florida grand jury investigating pharmaceutical wholesalers indicted 19 people on charges of peddling bogus or diluted medications often prescribed for cancer and AIDS patients , authorities said yesterday .
The camp hosts summer religious retreats for children and other events year-round , according to its Web site .
But Forest , the Freedom Organisation for the Right to Enjoy Smoking Tobacco , said : ' ' Mention the word prohibition and everyone knows what happened there .
The two-year note US2YT = RR fell 5 / 32 in price , taking its yield to 1.23 percent from 1.16 percent late on Monday .
It indicates , Robert said , “ that terrorists really don ’ t care who they attack .
Voters in Cleveland Heights , Ohio , approved a proposal allowing same-sex couples - and also unmarried heterosexual couples - to officially register as domestic partners .
If Fortigel , a testosterone gel , had been approved , Cellegy would have reached profitability by the second half of 2004 , Mr. Juelis said .
Then it temporarily retracts the hard drive 's read-write head until the system is stabilized again .
Bulger 's brother is now on the agency 's ' '10 Most Wanted ' ' list , sought in connection with 21 murders .
" The Domino application server is going to be around for at least the next decade . "
These men " are entitled to respect for their private lives , " Kennedy said .
Bashir felt he was being tried by opinion not on the facts , Mahendradatta told Reuters .
CCAG supported Bill Curry , Rowland 's opponent in the 2002 gubernatorial election .
Agrawal said her research does not suggests that PCOS causes lesbianism , only that PCOS is more prevalent in lesbian women .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index < .SPX > gave up 11.91 points , or 1.19 percent , at 986.60 .
Sen. Richard Shelby , R-Ala . , chairman of the Senate Banking Committee , wasn 't rushing to endorse the legislation .
Added Mr. Prodi : " Maybe , but the old age helps us to understand our strengths and our weakness . "
" Our prognosis for a continued and steady recovery is being realized , and the outlook remains bright , " bureau CEO Greg Stuart says .
The dead cavalry have been honored for more than a century with a hilltop granite obelisk and white headstones .
When the bomb exploded at the Casa de España , customers were eating dinner and playing bingo .
" Due to economic and creative realities , many key people will not be returning , " producer David E. Kelley said in a statement .
Peace Rules defeated Funny Cide in the Louisiana Derby .
E Ink is one of several companies working to develop electronic ``paper ' ' for e-newspapers and e-books , and other possible applications -- even clothing with computer screens sewn into it .
McGill also detailed the hole that had been cut in the Caprice 's trunk .
To date , 152 communities and the legislatures of Alaska , Hawaii and Vermont have approved resolutions condemning the act .
In an appearance before a parliamentary committee on Tuesday , Mr. Blair suggested that only " evidence of weapons programs " rather than the weapons themselves would be uncovered .
But for a meaningful dialogue to begin , cross-border terrorism should end and terror infrastructure must be dismantled .
The addition of the house shooting expands the investigation area east by two miles , with the police now examining a seven-mile section of the freeway .
" It is safe to assume the Senate is prepared to pass some form of cap , " King said .
Dynes came to UC San Diego in 1991 after 22 years as a physicist with AT & T Bell Labs .
The prosecutor said the company knowingly underestimated to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) the number of safety complaints involving the device .
Hampton Township is a few miles northeast of Bay City , about 100 miles away .
The court case does not include another rule , which also took effect Nov. 29 , that allows cell customers to keep their phone numbers when they switch wireless companies .
Advances in AIDS treatments in recent years , some experts are saying , could be undermining efforts to promote safe sex .
Mr. Heatley , who suffered a broken jaw and torn knee ligaments , faces several charges .
The three men have pleaded not guilty and their lawyers have asked the High Court to dismiss the charges , saying the state has failed to present a solid case .
They reported symptoms of fever , headache , rash and muscle aches .
Thursday , U.S. District Judge Florence-Marie Cooper will consider the second motion .
The GameCube , which badly underperformed expectations in the last fiscal year , trails both Sony 's PlayStation 2 and Microsoft Corp. ' s MSFT.O Xbox .
Three other fires in or near the park were contained on Wednesday .
Still , the " somewhat ambiguous ruling " might be a setback for Static Control depending on how it developed its competing product , Merrill Lynch analyst Steven Milunovich said .
Revenues for " The Hulk " came in well below those of last month 's Marvel Comics adaptation , " X2 : X-Men United , " which grossed $ 85.6 million in its opening weekend .
Moroccan police have arrested 33 suspects , including some linked to the radical Djihad Salafist group , a government official said .
The lawyer for Hollins Jr . , Thomas Royce , has said his client had no link to the company that owned and operated E2 .
Klarman was arrested by FBI agents in the Hamptons , an exclusive summer resort enclave east of New York City .
Stock futures were mixed in early Thursday trading , but trading below fair value , pointing to a lower open for the major market indexes .
Tony-award winning dancer and actor Gregory Hines died of cancer Saturday in Los Angeles .
One of the 14 Kurds pointed at the word " refugee " in an English / Turkish dictionary .
Im very proud of the citizens of this state , said Gov. John Baldacci , a casino foe .
The deal means the original agreement , signed in August 2001 by the two companies , is now extended through 2006 .
Mrs. Clinton said she was incredulous that he would endanger their marriage and family .
Since it expanded its shipments to the United States , Hulett has captured a significant share of the U.S. market .
Kingston also finished with 67 after producing six birdies on the back nine .
The Bishop of Armidale , Peter Brain , was forthright .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX rose 3.47 points , or 0.36 percent , to 977.59 .
Loan losses , investment writedowns and legal costs led to the largest-ever loss for a European bank last year .
" There is no doubt about the chemical programme , biological programme , indeed nuclear programme , indeed all that was documented by the UN , " he said .
Chera Larkins , 32 , of Manhattan , charged with three sham marriages , is also charged with perjury and filing a false instrument .
Before Thursday 's matinee , Baker called a clubhouse meeting , concerned that the controversy had distracted the Cubs .
Agriculture Secretary Luis Lorenzo told Reuters there was no damage to the vital rice crop as harvesting had just finished .
The conference , sponsored by the U.S. Department of Agriculture , is focused on eliminating world hunger through genetically modified foods and other technologies .
The index also did better than the Standard & Poor 's 500 index , which increased 3.3 percent .
Kadyrov was not injured , but four of his bodyguards were among those killed .
Dynes will get $ 395,000 a year , up from Atkinson 's current salary of $ 361,400 .
" If you pass this bill , Big Brother will be watching you , " said Rep. John Mabry , D-Waco .
Robert B. Willumstad , 57 , Citigroup 's president , was named chief operating officer .
Green wrote , The documents show that in one two-month period , Bennett wired more than $ 1.4 million to cover losses .
The body 's hair , sources said , appeared to be blond with dark roots , the same as Aronov 's .
The bodies of 17 undocumented immigrants who suffocated in a stifling trailer were discovered yesterday at a south Texas truck stop where smugglers had abandoned them .
The trial is entering a crucial stage as Italy prepares to assume the rotating presidency of the European Union on July 1 .
The hearing occurred a day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer , Dallager , for not addressing the scandal .
The broad Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX inched up 3 points , or 0.32 percent , to 970 .
The British Foreign Office said Monday that coalition authorities in Iraq were pleased that the men were freed .
The other 24 members are split between representatives of the securities industry and so-called " public " board members .
Waksal , in a letter to the court , said : " I tore my family apart .
The high court will hear arguments Wednesday on whether companies can be sued under the ADA for refusing to rehire rehabilitated drug users .
The U.S. Capitol was evacuated yesterday after authorities detected a possibly hazardous material in the basement of the Senate wing , Capitol Police said .
But an agency employee lent the tape to a friend , who lent it to Mr. Gonzalez .
Sen. John Rockefeller , D-W.Va. , said that provision of the Senate bill undermined a basic tenet of Medicare .
The Justice Department and the Federal Communications Commission have the final say .
Merck also on Monday affirmed plans to spin off Medco to shareholders in the third quarter .
NBC will probably end the season as the second most popular network behind CBS , although it 's first among the key 18-to-49-year-old demographic .
WORLD No. 2 Lleyton Hewitt has accused the Association of Tennis Professionals of malice , including an alleged attempt last year to dupe him into refusing a drug test .
He explained that he found Antetonitrus when he came to Wits in 2001 as a post-doctoral research assistant at England 's University of Bristol .
At least five class-action lawsuits have been filed , including one in Pennsylvania .
" We 're pleased with the judge 's decision , " said Mark Herr , spokesman for Merrill Lynch .
Elwin Hermanson and the SaskParty would put the future of our Crown corporations — and our economy — at risk , ” the platform reads .
The third appointment was to a new job , executive vice president and chief staff officer .
The two had argued that only a new board would have had the credibility to restore El Paso to health .
" Tomorrow at the Mission Inn , I have the opportunity to congratulate the governor-elect of the great state of California .
" I feel like the weight of the world has been lifted from my shoulders , " Ms McCorvey said at a news conference in Dallas on Tuesday .
Fighting erupted after four North Korean journalists confronted a dozen South Korean activists protesting human rights abuses in the North outside the main media centre .
Weather forecasters are sending out warnings for heavy rainfall that could wash out the tail end of the holiday weekend .
But at age 15 , she had reached 260 pounds and a difficult decision : It was time to try surgery .
City Councilman Cedric Wilson said those killed were Cpl. James Crump , Officer Arnold Strickland and dispatcher Ace Mealer .
State Education Commissioner Kent King said Wednesday that the scores on the Missouri Assessment Program tests disappointed him .
Investigators uncovered a 4-inch bone fragment from beneath the concrete slab Thursday , but it turned out to be an animal bone , authorities said .
Last year , he made his first foray into public politics , running a successful proposition campaign to secure state funding for after-school programs .
A police spokesman confirmed : " Greater Manchester Police , with the support of the German authorities and the FBI , have arrested Toby Studabaker in Frankfurt , Germany . "
AirTran officials and a Boeing official declined to comment yesterday .
A company spokeswoman declined to say how much Qwest receives in annual revenue from government contracts .
Mr. Pingeon is director of litigation for Massachusetts Correctional Legal Services , a prisoners ' rights group .
People who once thought their blood pressure was fine actually may be well on their way to hypertension under new U.S. guidelines published on Wednesday .
U.S. and European leaders pledged on Wednesday to work together to keep Iran from developing nuclear weapons , presenting a united front after months of bitter acrimony over Iraq .
Cadbury Schweppes plc plans to cut 5500 jobs and shut factories after a 4.9 billion ( $ A11.9 billion ) acquisition spree over the past three years inflated costs .
Agents found more than 1,000 credit cards and credit card duplicating machines during a search of Ragin 's address .
The supercomputer is actually an eServer and storage system with a peak speed of 7.3 trillion calculations per second .
Djerejian said that in the last month Syria has taken steps in response to the pressure , such as relocating the militant group offices out of Damascus .
Halliburton on Tuesday reiterated its contention that KBR had " delivered fuel to Iraq at the best value , the best price and the best terms " .
Though she defeated Williams on May 17 in the semifinals at Rome , Mauresmo isn 't favored today .
The April decline was the biggest since October , 2001 .
It 's one of the nicer rounds I have ever played and the best chance I have ever had of a 59 . "
Brian Lara , the West Indies captain , was unbeaten on 93 at the rain interval while Marlon Samuels was five not out .
Staff Sgt. Georg-Andreas Pogany , however , is waiting for that decision in writing .
But a senior State Department official said : " We 'll decide how to keep the proper incentives there for countries to sign and for countries that have signed to ratify . "
With the Expose feature , all open windows shrink to fit on the screen but are still clear enough to identify .
Intelligence officials in Washington warned lawmakers a week ago to expect a terrorist attack in Saudi Arabia , it was reported today .
Historians believe it was carrying 9 tons of gold coins aimed at buying the loyalty of the Duke of Savoy , a potential ally in southeastern France .
Meanwhile , students and others at Pacific Lutheran University near Tacoma , about 40 miles to the south , acted out a second , simultaneous attack on campus .
To examine the uranium enrichment program -- ElBaradei 's priority -- the IAEA says it must inspect facilities that are not officially declared as nuclear sites .
Volume was moderate at 827.68 million shares , up from 798.95 million at the same point Tuesday .
So far , they have searched Pennsylvania , Ohio , Michigan , Illinois and Indiana , authorities in those state said .
He presented the map at last week 's Sixth International Conference on Mars in Pasadena , Calif .
Nationally , the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recorded 4,156 cases of West Nile , including 284 deaths .
State police said as many as 30 workers were trapped immediately after the garage collapsed .
Avery Dennison estimated second-quarter revenue between $ 1.2 billion and $ 1.23 billion , up 14 percent to 16 percent from a year earlier .
But JT was careful to clarify that it was " not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment " .
The village last said sorry in 1993 , when it presented the Methodist Church of Fiji with Baker 's boots - which cannibals had tried unsuccessfully to cook and eat .
Ballmer has been vocal in the past warning that Linux is a threat to Microsoft .
" Until this site was reported , the earliest site in Bering land-bridge area was dated at about 11,000 years ago , " Grayson said .
His Chevrolet Tahoe was found abandoned June 25 in a Virginia Beach , parking lot .
No official ceremony was planned to mark the anniversary in Dallas .
" It 's very difficult to do large syndicated loans in Japan , " where there is a lack of expertise , says one banker .
For the year , it expects sales of $ 94 million and a profit of 26 cents a share from continuing operations .
Anhalt said children typically treat a 20-ounce soda bottle as one serving , while it actually contains 2 1 / 2 servings .
A neighbor said a duffel bag containing a woman 's body was dug up , and the other body was encased in concrete .
" If you have more turnovers , if you 're at the bottom of the league in turnover ratio [ Washington was 29th ] , your chances aren 't good .
Nextel Partners Inc . NXTP.O , which provides wireless phone service , fell 59 cents , or 9.8 percent , to $ 5.41 .
Air Commodore Quaife said the Hornets remained on three-minute alert throughout the operation .
" We 're going to do everything in our power to get money back to ratepayers as quickly as possible , " Kennedy said .
" Senator Clinton should be ashamed of herself for playing politics with the important issue of homeland security funding , " he said .
The number of public WiFi hot spots will grow from the current 50,000 to 85,000 by the end of 2004 , IDC said .
The 2 1 / 2 -ton probe will plunge into the thick Jovian atmosphere today at 3 : 49 p.m. Eastern time , disintegrating moments later from the friction generated by its 108,000-mph free-fall .
Shares of Halliburton fell 71 cents , or 3 percent , to close at $ 21.59 yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange .
There 's a Jeep in my parents ' yard right now that 's not theirs , ' ' said Perry , whose parents are vacationing in North Carolina .
In recent years , Hampton kept in touch with friends and stayed in trouble : He faced charges of fare-beating and credit card theft .
The plane was estimated to be within 100 pounds of its maximum takeoff weight .
Both were charged with four counts of aggravated assault and 14 counts of endangering the welfare of children .
The ruling ``is so wrong that we are extremely confident that it will not withstand our appeal to the Sixth Circuit , ' ' Taubman Centers said in a statement .
The committee was appointed by Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld under orders from Congress .
Authorities questioned O 'Dell in Pennsylvania over the weekend after identifying her through records at the self-storage company .
Ms Lanier 's first heart tumour was removed from the upper part of her heart in 1997 , returning in 1999 , in 2001 and again this year .
According to a news release sent by the Terry Schindler-Schiavo Foundation , Florida Speaker Johnnie Byrd will introduce " Terri 's Bill " during the special session Monday .
Heather , 35 , who lost a leg in a road accident , is thought to have steel plates fitted in her hips , which would make natural childbirth impossible .
Bush turned out a statement yesterday thanking the commission for its work , and said , " Our journey into space will go on . "
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI finished down 31.23 points , or 0.33 percent , at 9,317.64 .
The study is being published today in the journal Science .
They came despite what BA called a " difficult quarter " , which it said included unofficial industrial action at Heathrow .
Before it was removed , the site listed in broken English the rules for hackers who might participate .
About 100 firefighters are in the bosque today , Albuquerque Fire Chief Robert Ortega said .
Lucas Goodrum , 21 , of Scottsville was arrested Sunday in the death of Katie Autry , of Pellville .
Another big gainer was Rambus Inc . ( nasdaq : RMBS - news - people ) , which shot 32 percent higher .
Cisco executives said they were encouraged by $ 1.3 billion in cash flow and the increase in net income , but hoped for a rebound .
State air regulators and two automakers have settled a lawsuit challenging the nation 's toughest auto emissions program , a spokesman for California 's air board said Monday .
For the full 12-month period ending June 30 , 2003 , advanced services lines for ADSL increased by 37 percent and cable modem connections increased by 75 percent .
Shares of Schering-Plough were off 2 cents at $ 16.78 near midday on the New York Stock Exchange .
The nurse , age 51 , worked at North York General Hospital .
Agrawal said her research neither suggests nor indicates PCOS causes lesbianism , only that PCOS is more prevalent in lesbian women .
The film is the second of a trilogy , which will wrap up in November with The Matrix Revolutions .
" There is nothing Rob Furst did in any way that was not abetted and approved by senior officials at Merrill Lynch . "
Former South African Archbishop Desmond Tutu said Sunday he did not see what " all the fuss " was over appointing a gay bishop , but urged homosexual clergy to remain celibate .
The Agriculture Department already has issued a recall for 10,410 pounds of beef slaughtered Dec. 9 at Vern 's Moses Lake Meat Co. in Moses Lake , Wash .
A federal grand jury indicted them on Tuesday ; the document was sealed until yesterday to allow authorities to make arrests .
He planned to stay all day until the river crested , which was forecast for late last night .
While the day 's trading was lackluster , the Standard & Poor 's 500 index was preparing to close out its best three-month period since the fourth quarter of 1998 .
The report also claims that there will be up to 9.3 million visitors to hot spots this year , up again from the meagre 2.5 million in 2002 .
Grinspun ’ s concerns came after two emergency room nurses tried to warn doctors at the hospital in mid-May that five family members had SARS-like symptoms , according to the newspaper .
Sales as measured by volume , a key gauge of financial health in the beverage sector , grew 5 percent in the quarter .
The new policy gives greatest weight to grades , test scores and a student 's high school curriculum .
The daily Hurriyet said the raid aimed to foil a Turkish plot to kill an unnamed senior Iraqi official in Kirkuk .
ONA explicitly stated that it did not receive intelligence material indicating that Jemaah Islamiyah terrorist network was planning to mount an operation in Bali .
Oracle Corp 's Chairman and CEO Larry Ellison didn 't rule out sweetening the company 's unsolicited offer to acquire rival PeopleSoft Inc .
Shares of McDonald 's rose $ 1.83 , or 8.3 percent , to close at the day 's high of $ 23.89 .
Troubled Devil Rays prospect Josh Hamilton 's promising future is in doubt after an announcement Monday he will miss the season because of unspecified personal problems .
Officers threw him to the ground and handcuffed him , and Reyna dropped a knee into his back , according to testimony .
AMD made the announcement on Tuesday at the Embedded Systems Conference in Boston .
So was Edie Falco , the critically praised co-star of " Frankie and Johnny . "
The stock rose $ 2.11 , or about 11 percent , to close on Friday at $ 21.51 on the New York Stock Exchange .
Taha is married to former Iraqi oil minister Amir Muhammed Rasheed , who surrendered to U.S. forces on April 28 .
Orange shares jumped as much as 15 percent .
The four suspects are scheduled to appear in court Tuesday or Wednesday , said Philip Murgor , Kenya 's deputy public prosecutor .
" The £ 5m would give BA a considerable return on the £ 5 it originally paid the government for the aircraft . "
Don Asper called the attack " bothersome , " before he and his wife contacted the firm 's Web site provider to replace the vandalized page .
The company said industrywide sales of consumer film in China during April and May were nearly half of the amount sold during the same two months a year ago .
Vivendi shares closed 3.8 percent up in Paris at 15.78 euros .
Sobig.F spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain such familiar headings as " Thank You ! , " " Re : Details " or " Re : That Movie . "
Doud was shot in the shoulder and underwent surgery at Strong Memorial Hospital , where he was listed in satisfactory condition .
The bishop told police he thought he had hit a dog or a cat or that someone had thrown a rock at his vehicle .
Several shots rang out in the darkness , but only one gator had been killed by 11 p.m.
Doctors had planned to deliver him two weeks early , on or around November 14 .
The euro was at 126.38 / 43 yen little changed from its late U.S. level of 126.35 yen but down sharply from around 127.60 yen the same time on Tuesday .
Ohmer ruled the law warranted further review by the Missouri Supreme Court and would have caused irreparable harm had it taken effect Saturday .
The warning was the most serious the 15-nation bloc has sent Iran since they began negotiating a trade and cooperation agreement late last year .
We 're electing a president of the United States , not a staff . "
We are piloting it there to see whether we roll it out to other products .
The helicopter burst into flames upon impact , according to the Mohave County Sheriff 's Office .
Nationwide , there have been 4,416 cases with 84 deaths , according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 's Friday tally .
She first went to a specialist for initial tests last Monday , feeling tired and unwell .
Dr. Sutherland , 65 , was a co-founder of Evans & Sutherland , an early maker of high-performance computers .
Iraq 's nuclear program had been dismantled and there was no convincing evidence it was being revived , the report said .
Handspring 's shareholders will receive 0.09 Palm shares ( and no shares of PalmSource ) for each share of Handspring common stock they own .
The world 's two largest automakers said their U.S. sales declined more than predicted last month as a late summer sales frenzy caused more of an industry backlash than expected .
Baz Luhrmann 's opulent version of the Puccini opera will fold June 29 after a disappointing seven-month run and losses of about $ 6 million .
If convicted of the spying charges , he could face the death penalty .
According to reports , Knight allegedly punched a parking attendant outside a Los Angeles nightclub .
The MDC called the strike to force Mr Mugabe to either resign or negotiate a settlement of the Zimbabwe crisis .
Shares of Littleton , Colorado-based EchoStar rose $ 1.63 , or 5.3 percent , to $ 32.26 at 10 : 55 a.m.
He said he thought he had hit a dog or a cat , or someone had thrown a rock at his car , the police said .
From Florida to Alaska , thousands of revelers vowed to push for more legal rights , including same-sex marriages .
Today , he will find out whether he is still in the running to buy back the U.S. entertainment business of troubled Vivendi Universal SA .
The biggest cut ordered was for Hanover Lloyds Insurance Co . -- 31 percent .
INTEL TODAY disclosed details of its next-generation XScale processor for mobile phones and handheld devices here in San Jose .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 stock index pulled back by nearly 4 points to 1,066.62 .
RAAF officers said yesterday a fully armed F / A-18 Hornet fighter-bomber was positioned to intercept the intruder .
Sales of $ 21.6 billion , up 10 percent from $ 19.7 billion a year ago , were ahead of Wall Street 's estimate of $ 21.4 billion .
Negotiators said Friday they made good progress during their latest round of talks on creating a Central American Free Trade Agreement .
The study also found that consumer goods advertisers continued to spend the most dollars online , representing 35 % of all Web advertising .
Consolidated operating income for the fourth quarter was $ 570 million , up 26 % from the $ 452 million reported a year ago .
Navistar shares were down 44 cents , or 1.1 percent , at $ 41.19 on the New York Stock Exchange after falling as low as $ 39.93 .
" One can say that the euro at the moment is about at the level which better reflects the fundamentals , " he said .
Police and officials said about 200 people were rescued by fishing boats or managed to struggle to shore .
Also in the majority were Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices John Paul Stevens , Sandra Day O 'Connor , Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen G. Breyer .
MediaQ 's customers include major handheld makers Mitsubishi , Siemens , Palm , Sharp , Philips , Dell and Sony .
Its former chief Mickey Robinson was fired for cause when he left in September , the company said .
The University of Michigan released today a new admissions policy after the U.S. Supreme Court struck down in June the way it previously admitted undergraduates .
The network is also dropping its Friday night " Dateline " edition .
Kaichen appeared Wednesday in federal court on two bank robbery charges .
After 10 years of debate , the government is requiring food labels to reveal exact levels of the artery clogger .
A Global Crossing spokeswoman and a Pentagon spokesman declined to comment .
The software giant announced at its company-sponsored TechEd conference in Dallas that two key products will enter customer testing .
Court Judge Robert Sweet said the plaintiffs failed " to draw an adequate casual connection between the consumption of McDonald 's food and their alleged injuries . "
It added that unless the problems are fixed , " the scene is set for another accident . "
From Justin to Kelly , a romance starring American Idol winner Kelly Clarkson and runnerup Justin Guarini , opened at No. 11 with $ 2.9-million.
Chi-Chi 's has agreed to keep the restaurant closed until Jan. 2 _ two months after it voluntarily closed following initial reports of the disease .
The Oct. 9 hearing date is two days after the Lakers open their pre-season with two games in Hawaii .
Revenue rose 3.9 percent , to $ 1.63 billion from $ 1.57 billion .
It will take time to oust die-hard remnants of Saddam Hussein 's deposed regime in Iraq , Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Tuesday .
Team President Ken Sawyer told the Pittsburgh Post Gazette Sunday that Lemieux has not spoken to him about selling his interest in the Penguins or about playing for another team .
Moseley and a senior aide delivered their summary assessments to about 300 American and allied military officers on Thursday .
PeopleSoft management could choose to activate an anti-takeover defense known as a " poison pill , " designed to thwart undesired suitors .
His lawyer , Harriet Newman Cohen , said later that Cuomo " was betrayed and saddened by his wife 's conduct during their marriage . "
The highest-paid Washington private-college president is Susan Resneck Pierce , who heads the University of Puget Sound .
State Democratic Chairman Herman Farrell , who is also chairman of the state Assembly 's Ways and Means Committee , seemed perfectly happy to make it a political fight .
The new research will be published soon in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Dogs , he said , are second only to humans in the thoroughness of medical understanding and research .
In fact , Fatima Haque 's prom tonight had practically everything one might expect on one of a teenage girl 's most important nights .
Actor Arnold Schwarzenegger is leaving backers in suspense , and former Los Angeles Mayor Richard Riordan will consider if the Terminator balks .
" To have people say we did this for the money is foolish and dead wrong , " Thomas quoted Jackson as saying .
Jackson 's visit came after a relatively peaceful night in Benton Harbor , which sits in southwestern Michigan about 100 miles northeast of Chicago .
The benchmark 10-year Treasury note yield < US10YT = RR > dipped below 4.20 percent on Tuesday .
The new system costs between $ 1.1 million and $ 22 million , depending on configuration .
It closed Tuesday at its highest level since last June .
The euro has slipped nearly four percent since matching a record peak of around $ 1.1935 only last week and hitting an all-time high of 140.90 yen in late May .
Microsoft will pay Time Warner AOL $ 750 million to settle an outstanding antitrust suit brought by Time Warner 's Netscape division .
Intel Corp. narrowed its second-quarter revenue forecast Thursday , saying sales of microprocessors were at the high end of normal while demand for communications chips remained soft .
The results beat the 54 cents loss per share consensus estimate of 23 analysts polled by Thomson First Call .
The device plays Internet radio streams and comes with a 30-day trial of RealNetworks ' Rhapsody music service .
Kroger Co . , which owns Ralphs , and Albertsons Inc. bargain jointly with Safeway and locked out their union workers the next day .
Founders of the group are Matsushita Electric , Sony , Hitachi , NEC , Royal Philips Electronics , Samsung , Sharp and Toshiba .
" I had no direct interest and Craxi begged me to intervene because he believed the operation damaged the state , " he told a packed courtroom during a 45-minute address .
Druce is still being held at the prison and is now in isolation , she said .
She had only a single condition , that the book not be published until her death .
Captain Robert Ramsey of US 1St Armored Division said a truck had exploded outside the building at around 11 am .
A Chinese court yesterday jailed two people for life and imprisoned 12 others for organising a sex party involving hundreds of Japanese tourists .
The World Health Organization — another Lilly partner , along with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and Purdue University — has declared TB a global emergency .
Walker said he expects that the president 's budget will include a request for three percent to five percent budget increases for NASA for each of the next five years .
After that , college President Paul Pribbenow told him to wrap up his speech .
The teenager was in surgery at a hospital and the extent of his injuries was not available , police said .
Miss Stewart is being prosecuted not because of who she is but what she did , " Mr Comey continued .
Duque arrived with Foale and Kaleri but will return to Earth with Lu and Malenchenko .
And they ordered state troopers to prevent camera crews from filming Private Lynch outside her home .
MSN Messenger 6 will be available for download starting at 6 p.m. GMT on Wednesday from http : / / messenger.msn.com / download / v6preview.asp.
Stout previously worked for General Electric subsidiary GE Capital Service Inc . , where he was vice president and chief technology and information officer .
Hurricane Claudette moved toward the Texas coast on Tuesday and was expected to strengthen before making landfall later in the day , forecasters said .
The company has 30 days to respond to the charges before the FCC makes a final ruling .
The respected medical journal Lancet has called for a complete ban on tobacco in the United Kingdom .
White House officials also deleted a reference to a 1999 study showing that global temperatures had risen sharply in the previous decade compared with the last 1,000 years .
Police using pepper spray arrested 12 people Monday night at a march and rally by about 400 activists protesting an annual training seminar of the Law Enforcement Intelligence Unit .
The nation , Bush said , " will not stand by and wait for another attack , or trust in the restraint and good intentions of evil men . "
Ms. Cripps-Prawak left last Friday , two days after the department introduced a plan to distribute medical marijuana through doctors ' offices .
The vulnerability affects an interface with RPC that deals with message exchange over TCP / IP port 135 , according to Microsoft .
The NLC advised motorists to stay at home and petrol stations to shut down during the strike .
The talks , the first involving Washington and Pyongyang since April , had their share of fireworks .
Intel spokesman Dan Francisco said the chip maker is looking into the issue , but declined to elaborate .
Among those awaiting Schwarzenegger 's decision was former Los Angeles Mayor Richard Riordan .
On Tuesday , the central bank left interest rates steady , as expected , but also declared that overall risks were weighted toward weakness and warned of deflation risks .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index < .IXIC > rose 17.33 points , or 1.07 percent , to 1,640.13 .
Michael Hill , a Sun reporter who is a member of the Washington-Baltimore Newspaper Guild 's bargaining committee , estimated meetings to last late Sunday .
The plan , which Pataki has said is unconstitutional as written , would cost the state $ 5.1 billion over the next 30 years .
Mr. Sweeney outlined plans for the campaign in a speech last night in Philadelphia at the annual meeting of the American Political Science Association .
EnCana also reaffirmed its forecast of 10 per cent internal sales growth in 2003 and 2004 .
Brendsel and chief financial officer Vaughn Clarke resigned June 9 .
Hospitals and the Red Cross appealed to blood donors yesterday .
He 'll be swept over any minute or just die of the cold , Moriarty thought .
Six Democrats are vying to succeed Jacques and have qualified for the Feb. 3 primary ballot .
If the magazine lost more than $ 4.2 million in a fiscal year , O 'Donnell would be allowed to quit .
" We think this planet formed with its star , 12.713 billion years ago when the ( Milky Way ) galaxy was very young , just in the process of forming . "
After a seven-day trial last year , Thompson found the monument to be an unconstitutional endorsement of religion by the state .
Mr McDonnell is leading Grant Thornton International 's inquiry into the Italian business .
We feel so strongly about this issue that we are suspending sales and distribution of SCOLinux until these issues are resolved , " Sontag said .
Florida 's Supreme Court has twice refused to hear the case .
Prime Minister Tony Blair , speaking at his monthly news conference , played up the danger and stressed the very grave threat that Britons were under and urged vigilance .
Kim Clijsters reached the French Open final for the second time , benefiting from a little luck Thursday to erase a set point and beating unseeded Nadia Petrova 7-5 , 6-1 .
Mr. Day said that the consequences had been " catastrophic " for the women involved and for the many mixed-race children shunned in their communities .
China 's Health Ministry said five more people had died of Sars and a further 159 were infected .
Spinal Concepts , launched in 1996 , makes orthopedic medical devices used during spinal fusion surgical procedures .
The broad Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX gained 22.25 points , or 2.23 percent , to 1,018.22 , based on the latest available figures .
After Freitas ' opening statement , King County Superior Court Judge Charles Mertel recessed trial until after the Thanksgiving weekend .
And of those , 149 , or 55 % , " claimed to treat , prevent , diagnose or cure specific diseases . "
The tour plans to make stops in 103 cities before rallying in Washington on Oct. 1-2 , and in New York City on Oct. 3-4 .
The BlueCore3-Multimedia includes a 16-bit stereo audio CODEC with dual ADC and DAC for stereo audio .
The Democratic governor said the budget passed by the legislature May 9 would reduce or eliminate services to 5,800 developmentally disabled people .
Patients ' rights advocates crashed it by squeezing into camera range , protesting the FMA 's acceptance of major financial support from First Professionals Insurance .
It will also delay the retirement of Mr Wightwick , 62 , who agreed to stay on until the deal was completed and Buhrmann bedded down in PaperlinX .
Hovan did not speak , but his lawyer , John Speranza , said his client " did not wake up that day " intending to hurt anyone .
Arthur Benson , attorney for the case 's plaintiff schoolchildren , said he will appeal .
His family and friends said he had travelled to the region for a cultural visit .
Murdoch 's family owns about 30 percent of News Corp. shares .
A weak cold front could bring thunderstorms into South Texas on Sunday at the same time a tropical wave moves in from the Yucatan .
" The integration is exceeding almost every expectation we set for ourselves , " Mr Roberts said on Thursday .
" I came basically to Washington to establish relationships and to make sure that we are getting more federal money to California , " Schwarzenegger said after meeting with congressional Republicans .
Another is investor disenchantment with US investments , leading them to pull out of US assets - selling dollars as they do so and driving the dollar exchange rate down .
LURD 's Ja 'neh also called for an interim government and the deployment of a U.S.-led Western peacekeeping force .
The findings are published in the November 6 edition of the journal Nature .
" It is about a third of what I owe in the world , " he told reporters .
The indictment follows a criminal complaint filed by federal prosecutors on April 23 .
A senior Whitehall official said : " It devalued the currency , there is no question about that .
Lawyers and others familiar with the federal investigation say it remains focused on Campbell , though prosecutors declined to discuss the probe .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 Index slipped 4.77 , or 0.5 percent , to 929.62 .
Mr Kerkorian said : " We believe that recent trading prices of MGM 's common stock do not reflect MGM 's full value and that the stock represents and attractive investment . "
Micron has declared its first quarterly profit for three years .
Kiernan testified that Seifert had received a gunshot wound to the back .
It is essential that proceedings against accused terrorists both be fair and appear fair to outside observers , he said .
The House barely had the necessary 100 members present for a quorum .
A promotional poster , complete with countdown dial , reminds readers of the upcoming release of " Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix . "
" These foods have an almost identical effect on lowering cholesterol as the original cholesterol-lowering drugs . "
During a screaming match in 1999 , Carolyn told John she was still sleeping with Bergin .
" Australians are very upset and angry by what took place . . . upset because innocent people lost their lives , " he said .
THE compact disc could be history within five years after scientists invented a replacement the size of a fingertip .
The findings appear in Wednesday 's Journal of the American Medical Association ( news - web sites ) .
After his retirement , Foley served as assistant secretary of energy for defense programs under President Ronald Reagan .
Still , he said , " I 'm absolutely confident we 're going to have a bill . "
But , to the dismay of Reaganites , there is no mention of the Reagan-era economic boom .
Shares of Corixa fell 12 cents to $ 6.88 on the Nasdaq stock market .
However , other unions including the powerful CGT remained opposed to the reform and demanded the government begin fresh negotiations with them .
According to law enforcement officials , the person arrested was a known sophisticated hacker .
Police said yesterday they believe Mr. Cruz knew of the girl through one of her former schoolmates , though neither the girl nor her family knew him .
" Spending taxpayer dollars to create terrorism betting parlors is as wasteful as it is repugnant , " they announced at a press conference yesterday .
The significant highs Beijing chalked up before APEC was China 's first space mission on October 15 .
This is a good day for Americas farmers , said Sen. Charles Grassley , an Iowa Republican , in reaction to the administration announcement .
But the inadequate performance of students in various subgroups tagged the state as deficient under the federal No Child Left Behind act .
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI added 38 points , or 0.42 percent , to 9,165 .
Stripping out the extraordinary items , fourth-quarter earnings were 64 cents a share compared to 25 cents a share in the prior year .
Several current and former ferry officers have said the rules were routinely ignored and seldom enforced .
Lay had argued that handing over the documents would be a violation of his Fifth Amendment rights against self-incrimination .
Lowe 's , with about half as many stores , reported a 33 percent increase in third-quarter profit behind a 12 percent jump in same-store sales .
He also said the academy will get its own internal report next week detailing the seriousness of the remaining problem .
" I don 't think he 's been that good from the get-go , " said Limbaugh .
State Supreme Court Justice Ira Gammerman said in court this morning , " It was an ill-conceived lawsuit . "
The delay comes on the heels of Boeing Chairman Phil Condit 's resignation Monday .
" Unlike many early-stage Internet firms , Google is believed to be profitable .
Treasuries were dragged lower on Friday as shorter-dated debt was roiled by conflicting reports on the likelihood of an aggressive easing in U.S. interest rates .
Looking to buy the latest Harry Potter ?
South San Francisco 's Genentech , the world 's second-biggest biotechnology company , rose 6.6 percent to $ 66.73 .
Pappas said he wouldn 't hesitate about asking Graham to substitute .
US military officials say rotor wash from the helicopter might have blown down the banner .
The 51-year-old nurse worked at North York General Hospital , the epicentre of the latest outbreak .
Mark Longabaugh , the league 's vice president for political affairs , said that Kempthorne has " shown a distinct contempt for environmental protection . "
Two kids from Michigan are in today 's third round .
She was taken by ambulance to Charing Cross Hospital in Hammersmith .
The Supreme Court long ago held that students could not be compelled to join in the pledge .
Investigators used a jackhammer and hand tools to conduct the search but halted work for several hours while waiting for the anthropologist to arrive from Indianapolis .
The tech-heavy Nasdaq composite index shot up 5.7 percent for the week .
Cooper , the boy 's mother , started coming to the church about three months ago after she met a parishioner at a doctor 's office , Hemphill said .
Shares of SCO closed at $ 10.93 , down 28 cents , in Monday trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market .
In comparison , 86 percent of Israeli Jews say they have a favorable opinion of the United States .
The injured passenger at John Peter Smith Hospital died later Friday morning , Jones said .
GE stock were up 37 cents to $ 28.56 in morning New York Stock Exchange trade .
UBS Warburg added to pressure on tobacco stocks by downgrading Altria to neutral from buy based on valuation .
The military said it had killed 12 rebels and captured nine in the campaign so far , for the loss of six soldiers wounded .
Misfeldt agreed to pay $ US346,807 in allegedly ill-gotten gains and $ US111,595 in interest .
Dennehy , who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the University of New Mexico Lobos for temper tantrums , had begun to read the Bible daily .
The only other person who had not been accounted for Sunday was a man from Fort Worth , Texas .
Consumers still would have to get a descrambling security card from their cable operator to plug into the set .
" It seems clear the climate is changing , " he said , asked to explain the flooding that keeps ravaging the southeast .
" Mr Gilbertson would have been entitled to these ( pension ) payments irrespective of the circumstances in which he left the company , " Mr Argus said .
Search technology powerhouse Google has released a new beta of its popular Internet Explorer toolbar , adding bells and whistles for surfers .
The number of extremely obese adults -- those who are at least 100 pounds overweight -- has quadrupled since the 1980s to about 4 million .
Lacy 's last column , filed from the hospital , appeared in Friday 's editions .
In the ensuing gun battle two Palestinian militants were killed and 17 people were wounded .
The technology is available for download on the Microsoft Developer Network ( MSDN ) site .
Schofield got Toepfer to admit on cross-examination that she ignored many of O 'Donnell 's suggestions and projects .
" The Leading Economic Index finally points to a recovery , almost a year and a half after the end of the recession , " Conference Board economist Ken Goldstein said .
Vial estimated that 250 to 500 vehicles were stranded overnight after the pass through the Siskiyou Mountains was closed Sunday night .
The industry 's largest association is urging its members not call the more than 50 million home and cellular numbers on the list .
Shares of Coke were down 49 cents , or 1.1 percent , at $ 43.52 in early trading Friday on the New York Stock Exchange .
At Tuesday 's arraignment hearing , Marsh pleaded not guilty to 122 counts of burial service fraud and 47 counts of making false statements .
In the latest top-level shuffle at CNN , Teya Ryan is leaving her post as general manager of U.S. programming , the network announced .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX crept up 4.3 points , or 0.44 percent , to 980.52 .
Delta personnel at Atlanta 's Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport scrambled all day to find alternate flights including seats on other airlines for passengers .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index < .SPX > was 0.46 points lower , or 0.05 percent , at 997.02 .
Tony winners will be announced June 8 at the Radio City Music Hall in New York .
" This is an easy case in my view and wholly without merit , both factually and legally . "
" It 's a recognition that we were provided faulty information , " Tom Daschle , the senate Democratic leader , told reporters .
You can reach George Hunter at ( 313 ) 222-2027 or ghunter @ detnews.com.
He said it was a movie " meant to inspire , not offend " .
The government did not identify the taikonauts — a term coined from ‘ ‘ taikong , ’ ’ the Chinese word for space — who would travel on the second mission .
Five-year notes US5YT = RR rose 6 / 32 in price for a yield of 3.08 percent , down from 3.12 percent late on Tuesday .
This comes at a time when Alba is expanding its aluminium output by 307,000 tonnes a year and is accelerating plans for another 307,000 tonnes-a-year increase .
" She was very affectionate with them , " said Blossom Medley , who also looked after the children .
Gemstar 's shares gathered up 2.6 percent , adding 14 cents to $ 5.49 at the close .
" These allegations are completely out of character of the Kobe Bryant we know , " the statement read .
Faced with these circumstances , Halliburton " is left with no option for providing these services from Kuwait other than to continue obtaining them from Altanmia , " Sumner wrote .
But planning for an expansion of Wagerup has been caught up in a heated debate about the existing project 's effect on local residents .
The jury also found Gonzales guilty of using excessive force by dousing Olvera-Carrera with pepper spray .
A 32-count indictment " strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug trafficking world , " U.S. Attorney Marcos Jimenez said .
In court , she briefly waved to courtroom sketch artists seated in the jury box and quietly made notes in a spiral-bound notebook .
He failed a field sobriety test and a blood-alcohol test produced a reading of 0.18 -- well above Tennessee 's level of presumed intoxication of 0.10 , police said .
John Hickenlooper had 65 percent of the vote to 35 percent for City Auditor Don Mares .
These are real crimes that hurt a lot of people .
Allegiant shares rose $ 4 , or $ 17.2 percent , to $ 27.43 in Thursday morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market .
Netanyahu and his advisers say the changes are necessary to permit Israel to compete successfully in the global marketplace and attract investment .
Bond bulls would like the Fed to recognize that risks are biased toward economic weakness .
Microsoft has identified the freely distributed Linux software as one of the biggest threats to its sales .
The survey also found that executives who feel that current economic conditions have improved rose to 35 per cent from 15 per cent last quarter .
The Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone 's 2001 application to sell Erbitux , citing shoddy research .
He and his colleagues attributed some of the communication gap to doctors feeling pressed for time .
Unit volumes also set a record as notebooks accounted for more than 40 percent of sales .
Ms O 'Hare will take time off from studying history at New York University to be in Australia during October for national breast cancer awareness week .
But he said labor would see whether other senators can increase the value of awards proposed by Hatch and create a mechanism to ensure the fund remains solvent .
In addition , UDDI will have to significantly be improved to handle those aspects of SOAs .
The Tuesday Supreme Court announcement stems from an appeal involving Michael Newdow , a California atheist whose 9-year-old daughter , like most elementary schoolchildren , hears the pledge recited daily .
The attacks came as Mr Sharon faced down the hardline central committee of his Likud party in Jerusalem .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX shed 1.8 points , or 0.18 percent , to 991 .
Median household income declined 1.1 percent between 2001 and 2002 to $ 42,409 , after accounting for inflation .
If found guilty , Samudra could be sentenced to death under anti-terror laws passed soon after the bombings .
The MTA will not discuss the matter because of pending litigation .
Veteran stage and screen actor Hume Cronyn died of cancer Sunday .
" Some of us find the collateral damage greater than it needs to be in the conduct of this war , " said Rep. Howard Berman , D-Calif .
The workers accuse General Dynamics of " reverse age discrimination " because of a change in retirement benefits in 1997 .
Excluding litigation charges , RIM 's loss narrowed even further to 1 cent a share .
The exotic animal trade is enormous , and it continues to spiral out of control .
A jury convicted rapper C-Murder , also known as Corey Miller , of second-degree murder Tuesday night in the shooting death of a 16-year-old in a Jefferson Parish nightclub .
Also weighing on the market was news that General Motors GM.N planned to issue $ 10 billion in debt , in part to plug a hole in its pension plan .
" To be wedged between these two monsters and hold as well as we did makes it that much better , " said Rory Bruer , Sony head of distribution .
Scrimshaw , Supervisor , Best Minister and Ten Most Wanted are expected to complete the Belmont field .
One , Fort Carson-based Sgt. Ernest Bucklew , 33 , had been on his way home to attend his mother 's funeral in Pennsylvania .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.7 per cent to 9,547.43 while the S & P 500 was 0.8 per cent weaker at 1,025.79 .
The new servers will run either Linux or the x86 version of Solaris , he said .
Marshall pressed the practical case that a quite similar civil-rights bill based on the 14th Amendment was struck down by the Supreme Court in 1883 .
The upcoming second-quarter earnings season will be particularly important in offering investors guidance , they say .
Expenses are expected to be approximately $ 2.3 billion , at the high end of the previous expectation of $ 2.2-to- $ 2.3 billion .
It predicted that a 7.0 percent rise to $ 204.9 billion in 2006 would push the industry 's yearly sales slightly past its highest-ever level in in 2000 .
Amgen shares gained 93 cents , or 1.45 percent , to $ 65.05 in afternoon trading on Nasdaq .
Only New Jersey now bans holders of learners permits or intermediate licenses from using cell phones , pagers or other wireless devices while driving .
It aims to end 31 months of violence in which at least 2,034 Palestinians and 737 Israelis have been killed .
Davey graduated Saturday from Northwest College , which is affiliated with the Assemblies of God , with a bachelor of arts degree in religion and philosophy .
Nottingham found speech is treated unequally because the list applies to calls from businesses but not charities .
News Corp. , whose empire spans Hollywood 's Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. to publishing house HarperCollins Publishers Ltd . , owns 35 per cent of BSkyB .
" I don 't even worry about it anymore , " he said .
The new companies will begin trading on Nasdaq today under the ticker symbols PLMO and PSRC .
The plan is to convert half of its eight million local phone lines within the next six years .
Judge Leroy Millette Jr. can reduce the punishment to life in prison without parole when Muhammad is formally sentenced Feb. 12 , but Virginia judges rarely take such action .
The number of reported rapes rose by 4 percent and the number of murders grew by 0.8 percent , the FBI said .
The petition alleges that Huletts unfair sales have damaged the U.S. industry , sending market prices below sustainable levels .
The veteran rock group 's four-disc DVD set , called Four Flicks and due Nov. 11 from TGA Entertainment , is expected to be one of the holiday season 's top sellers .
Now , with the agency 's last three shuttles grounded in the wake of the Columbia disaster , that wait could be even longer .
That took the benchmark 10-year note US10YT = RR down 9 / 32 , its yield rising to 3.37 percent from 3.34 percent late on Thursday .
Worldwide , 7,183 SARS cases and 514 deaths have been reported in 30 countries .
At 11 : 30 a.m. , Edmund Hillary of New Zealand and Tenzing Norgay Sherpa of Nepal reached the summit .
The case comes out of Illinois and involves a for-profit company called Telemarketing Associates Inc .
" I notice a mood change in their priorities , " one politician said .
Lawmakers at the closed-door hearing focused on the National Intelligence Estimate reports on Iraq 's chemical , biological and nuclear weapons programs .
He refused to reveal what percentage of flights carried sky marshals , or whether they would be increased .
" It was a little bit embarrassing the way we played in the first two games , " Thomas said .
New chief executive Mark McInnes has already said that capping costs would be the number one priority for David Jones as part of the review process .
The United States says 1,882 Americans remain listed as missing in action and unaccounted for from the Vietnam War .
Entrenched interests are positioning themselves to control the network 's chokepoints and they are lobbying the FCC to aid and abet them .
He met members of the nation 's biggest business lobby and was quoted as saying he wanted China to adopt flexible trade and foreign exchange policies .
Five-time Tour de France winner and cancer survivor Lance Armstrong had a few words of advice for other cancer survivors in Denver on Friday .
During 2001 and 2002 , Morgenthau said , wire transfers from just four of Beacon Hill 's 40 accounts totaled more than $ 3.2 billion .
At least 154 people , most of them opposition activists or officials , were arrested across the country Monday , police spokesman Wayne Bvudzijena said in a statement .
The US will take on Canada in the third-place play-off in Carson on Saturday .
BAT BATS.L also said Managing Director Paul Adams would step up to chief executive from January 1 , 2004 , to ease the transition .
United is working closely with the Air Transportation Stabilization Board to replace the aspects of its loan guarantee bid that were rejected as inadequate in December .
Shares of McDonald 's Corp. and Wendy 's International Inc. continued a modest run-up on the New York Stock Exchange Monday .
Another recent study shows that about 12 million adults have been diagnosed with diabetes and an additional 5 million adults have it but do not know it .
" I still don 't think it is a trade secret , " Bunner said yesterday .
West Nile Virus -- which is spread through infected mosquitoes -- is potentially fatal .
Tongue-in-cheek , it recounts incidents where the Chief Executive and his administration let the people of Hong Kong down .
" There are a number of locations in our community , which are essentially vulnerable , " Mr Ruddock said .
Young has 28 days to file a response and ask the NASD for a hearing .
Qantas issued its second profit downgrade in six weeks yesterday , as the airline warned of more job cuts owing to the ongoing impact of SARS on passenger demand .
Toronto Police Chief Chief Julian Fantino confirmed Friday morning that a man had been arrested in the slaying of Toronto girl Holly Jones .
" We started our investigation of the child porn ring last year in August and soon realized that it was a big thing , " Mr. Beer said .
Still , he noted Miami must decide whether to seek ACC membership for the next school year by June 30 to adhere to Big East guidelines .
The union had not yet revealed which chain would be targeted .
An incremental step reported by researchers at the University of California , San Francisco , is the latest in a decade-long effort .
The jury awarded TVT about $ 23 million in compensatory damages and roughly $ 108 million in punitive damages .
As planned , the services will be rolled into Yukon when it ships ( see story ) .
Russ Britt is the Los Angeles Bureau Chief for CBS.MarketWatch.com.
U.S. forces struck dozens of targets on Monday , killing six guerrillas and arresting 21 others , the military said .
Retail industry experts predict the next five days will likely make or break Christmas 2003 for many retailers .
Prosecutors did an about-face in May and asked that the autopsy reports be unsealed after portions of Conner Peterson 's autopsy report favorable to the defense were leaked to the media .
Thirty-seven per cent of CEOs who expect stronger profits cited reduced costs as the main reason .
Analyst Mike King of Banc of America Securities downgraded Genentech on Monday to a " sell " before the company released its statement on the colon-cancer research .
Linda Saunders pleaded guilty in federal court to six charges , including extortion , money laundering and conspiracy .
The proportion of people covered by employers dropped from 62.3 percent in 2001 to 61.3 percent last year .
The blaze then spread to several surrounding structures on the property and destroyed them .
The others were given copies of " Dr. Atkins ' New Diet Revolution " and told to follow it .
The rapper 's lawyer , Mark Gann , didn 't return calls for comment .
Veritas will also expand its storage resource management ( SRM ) suite with the Precise StorageCentral software , focused on file and quota management in Windows environments .
State government sources said Travis ' move was a direct result of the controversy over the Boudin parole decision .
There were conflicting reports about the number of casualties yesterday .
The benchmark 10-year note US10YT = RR lost 11 / 32 in price , taking its yield to 3.21 percent from 3.17 percent late on Monday .
He faces a maximum sentence of 59 to 87 years in prison if convicted .
Her body was found at the foot of a back staircase in the couple 's expensive home in Durham .
On Tuesday , the Nikkei Average dropped 107.08 points , or 1.3 percent , to close at 8,120.24 .
The study results were presented Tuesday at a meeting of the American Thoracic Society in Seattle , and will be published in this week 's New England Journal of Medicine .
The company didn 't detail the costs of the replacement and repairs .
Customers can use Release Candidate 1 of Exchange Server 2003--available Monday--as a stepping stone to the final release this summer .
Hatab suffered a broken hyoid bone , a U-shaped bone that supports the tongue .
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 0.11 percent , or 1.78 points , at 1,594.13 .
Worldwide , the disease has now infected 6,727 people in 30 countries and caused 478 deaths .
The first time was in 1999 , when Bashir replaced the former leader of JI , Abdullah Sungkar , who had died .
Of 24 million phoned-in votes , 50.28 percent were for Studdard , putting him 130,000 votes ahead of Aiken .
The Bush administration should make public the fact about Saudi Arabia 's complicity with terrorists rather than worry about offending the kingdom , lawmakers said Sunday .
The American Anglican Council , which represents Episcopalian conservatives , said it will seek authorization to create a separate group .
" It was going to involve others , " said prosecutor Kenneth Karas at a Jan. 30 court hearing , reports the Associated Press .
Texans saddled with skyrocketing homeowners premiums might finally be getting relief .
In two weeks , he 'll probably send out Peace Rules in the Preakness .
Families stuck on the highway remained in their cars , and used their cell phones to call home .
Judge Gerald W. Heaney , in dissent , said the authorities should have allowed the prisoner to be medicated without the consequence of execution .
By Sunday night , the fires had blackened 277,000 acres , hundreds of miles apart .
Dealers said the single currency 's downward momentum against the dollar could pick up speed if it broke below $ 1.15 .
On Monday during an annual biotechnology meeting in Washington , President Bush criticized Europe for aggravating hunger in Africa by closing its markets to genetically modified food .
Mr Colpin did not specify whether it was this system that was at the centre of the investigation .
Bremer said one initiative is to launch a $ 70 million nationwide program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects .
July 1st is the sixth anniversary of Hong Kong 's return to Chinese rule .
And his justification for the bombing was that while it caused short-term material damage , it was for the long-term moral good of Bali .
In April , it had forecast operating earnings in the range of 60 to 80 cents a share .
A tropical storm rapidly developed in the Gulf of Mexico Sunday and was expected to hit somewhere along the Texas or Louisiana coasts by Monday night .
Stanford bested a 144-player field that included former winners Sorenstam and Juli Inkster , as well as 13-year-old phenom Michelle Wie .
Penn Traffic 's stock closed at 36 cents per share on Wednesday on Nasdaq , up two cents .
The women said victims of rape who came forward routinely were punished for minor infractions while their assailants escaped judgment .
The loss ends the run of four straight Williams vs. Williams major finals , all won by Serena .
It later emerged that he had broken his right thigh and bones in his right wrist and elbow .
" The recent turnaround in the stock market and an easing in unemployment claims should keep consumer expectations at current levels and may signal more favorable economic times ahead . "
The other semifinal between Guillermo Coria of Argentina and Martin Verkerk of the Netherlands is also compelling .
Buchan responded by first noting that , in crafting the tax relief packages , " the president has always had both the short-term and the long-term in mind . "
The victim , whose name was not released , underwent surgery at the hospital .
He said the FDA was hoping Congress and the courts would bring clarity to the situation and some financial relief to consumers .
ALBANY , N.Y. State Senate Majority Leader Joseph Bruno announced Friday he has been diagnosed with prostate cancer .
The last time the survey was conducted , in 1995 , those numbers matched .
As part of a restructuring Peregrine sold its Remedy help desk software unit last year to BMC Software Inc .
This is America , my friends , and it should not happen here , " he said to loud applause .
Chavez said investigators feel confident they 've got " at least one of the fires resolved in that regard . "
Both devices implement the v1.2 standard 's eSCO facility to provide the basis for new cordless telephony applications .
A Merrill Lynch spokesman said " we are pleased with the judge 's decision . "
Gyorgy Heizler , head of the local disaster unit , said the coach had been carrying 38 passengers .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 17.26 points , or 1.06 percent , to 1,640.06 , based on the latest data .
" I don 't see the urgency of this , and I am not going to grant this request . "
Telemarketers who call numbers on the list after Oct. 1 could face fines of up to $ 11,000 per call .
" Our goals is not to go out and start suing companies , " McBride said .
A Royal Duty is based on his experiences with Diana , Princess of Wales and letters allegedly to and from her .
It calls for the agency to plan an independent safety and engineering organization .
Supermarket chains facing a possible grocery clerk strike this week accused union leaders Monday of breaking off contract talks prematurely over the weekend .
Jack Ferry , company spokesman , said a search is ongoing but would not comment on the status .
By the time the two-term president left office in 1989 , the Navy had nearly 600 ships--about twice the ships it has today .
SUVs parked on residential streets in Monrovia were tagged with " ELF " and other slogans , and another was set ablaze in front of a house , Sgt. Tom Wright said .
The initial report was made to Modesto Police December 28 .
Joining Boston on Monday were the Massachusetts communities of Watertown , Saugus and Framingham .
The cuts are expected to save Texas consumers more than $ 510 million , and most policyholders will see reductions , Black said .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC shed 15 points , or 0.98 percent , to 1,492 .
However , in the New Jersey case , a panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 3rd Circuit upheld the government by a 2-1 vote .
The U.S. State Department travel warning said the threat to aircraft by terrorists using shoulder-fired missiles continues in Kenya and includes Nairobi .
" While the rest of America grapples with an economic downturn , recession has become a permanent way of life for much of rural America , " Edwards said in a speech .
The traditional Mediterranean diet puts the emphasis on vegetables , legumes , fruits , nuts , cereals and olive oil .
Named in the complaint were former chief executive officers Paul A. Allaire and G. Richard Thoman and former CFO Barry D. Romeril .
They were at Raffles Hospital over the weekend for further evaluation .
That was 4 cents higher than the expectations of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call .
But skeptics are concerned about the ease with which vendors can use these hardware-based security features to set digital rights management policies .
The suspect has been charged with juvenile delinquency , based on intentionally causing damage to computers .
" I feel that my supervision was inadequate , " Minister of Health Twu Shiing-jer told parliament after he tendered his resignation to the island 's premier .
Three undocumented immigrants were found dead inside a railroad hopper car Tuesday , two days after fellow immigrants escaped the sweltering car and left behind their weakened companions .
The commission dropped charges that Patton improperly appointed Conner to the Kentucky Lottery Board and that he improperly appointed Conner 's then-husband , Seth , to the Agriculture Development Board .
" People are obviously inconvenienced , " said Dr. Jim Young , Ontario 's commissioner of public safety .
Tuition at the six two-year community colleges will leap by $ 300 , to $ 2,800 .
Hidalgo County Judge Ramon Garcia remembers how he and his friends used to have to sneak around the school yard to speak Spanish .
Aventis , based in Strasbourg , France , is one of a handful of companies that still make the flu vaccine .
" Further testing is still under way , but at this stage , given the early detection , the outlook in such instances would be positive , " the specialist said yesterday .
In version 4.1 , a new web-based Distributed Authoring and Versioning interface speeds up the flow of information between workstations and the server .
This left the Eurotop 300 benchmark about six points off its highest level since January 17 -- hit earlier in the session .
Urban hospitals have traditionally been reimbursed at higher rates on the belief that medical treatment is less expensive in small cities and towns .
But other sources close to the sale said Vivendi was keeping the door open to further bids and hoped to see bidders interested in individual assets team up .
The research firm earlier had forecast an increase of 4.9 percent .
Aiken 's study appears in the Sept . 24 issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association .
People who have opposed these actions throughout are now trying to find fresh reasons to say this wasn 't the right thing to do . "
Genentech Inc . , the world 's second-biggest biotechnology company , and Xoma Ltd. said their Rapitva drug failed to help patients with rheumatoid arthritis in a study .
If he is successful in reaching a cease-fire , known as a " hudna , " Abbas will hold more talks with Sharon , their third one-on-one meeting in a month .
Altria shares fell $ 1.23 , or 2.8 percent , to $ 42.44 and were the Dow 's biggest percent loser .
The picture changes a bit should Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton be the Democratic presidential candidate .
He said the attackers left behind leaflets urging staff at the Ishtar Sheraton to stop working at the hotel and demanding U.S. forces leave Iraq .
NASA officials are delicately seeking advice on what to do with the 84,000 shattered pieces from Columbia , cautiously broaching the idea of putting some shuttle parts on display .
TI further said that , as a result of the license agreement , it will not change its prices for OMAP devices .
In winter , it is transformed into a treacherous embankment , a mountain of ice and snow that blankets everything .
The agent reported his contacts to Texas Department of Public Safety and told officers another legislator , Rep. Gabi Canales , D-Alice , they sought also was in Ardmore .
The bodies of some of the dead , pulled out from under the train , were laid out beside the tracks while emergency services brought in wooden coffins .
This Wednesday , the 127th anniversary of Custer 's defeat , formal recognition is coming to the Indian warriors who prevailed that hot day , June 25 , 1876 .
" This case was both mentally challenging and emotionally exhausting , " said the foreman , Jim Wolfcale , a 41-year-old minister .
The Russell 2000 index , the barometer of smaller company stocks , fell 2.52 to 410.23 .
Sources say agents confiscated " several " documents he was carrying .
For the week ended June 15 , a total of 28.2 million DVDs were rented in the United States , compared with 27.3 million VHS cassettes .
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC eased 5.16 points , or 0.32 percent , at 1,590.75 , breaking a six-day string of gains .
Pollack said yesterday the plaintiffs failed to show that Merrill and Blodget directly caused their losses .
It was third time lucky for Hempleman-Adams , 46 , after two previous abandoned attempts to make ballooning history .
Democrats now hope to increase the value of awards proposed by Hatch and to create a mechanism to ensure the fund remains solvent .
The dollar fell as low as $ 1.1624 per euro from $ 1.1486 on Friday , and traded at $ 1.1594 at 10 : 15 a.m. in London .
Common side effects include nasal congestion , runny nose , sore throat and cough , the FDA said .
President George W. Bush said he 's appointed Paul Bremer , a security and counter-terrorism expert , as the top U.S. official overseeing the reconstruction of Iraq .
" I 'm amazed at the number of people who think there is a silver bullet for security , " Capellas said .
The Nikkei average closed up 1.5 percent at 8,152.16 , a one-month high .
Joining Stern and McEntee on stage was International Union of Painters and Allied Trades President James Williams .
Talabani told him the Governing Council would " need UN assistance and advice in implementing the new decisions which have been taken . "
But she said it will be difficult for investigators to directly tie any decline in shuttle funding to the February disaster .
He said McKevitt was " the man who has the blood of innocent people on his hands " .
House Democrats are planning a series of town meetings throughout the nation this month to lay out their complaints about the House bill .
Authorities said the scientist properly quarantined himself at home after he developed SARS symptoms Dec. 10 .
The Prime Minister , Junichiro Koizumi , joined the criticism .
Announcing the selection , Kmart CEO Julian Day said Grey will help the retailer " find creative ways to communicate the unique strengths of Kmart to the new America consumer . "
Others with such a status are Egypt , Israel , and Australia .
Bryant previously said that hike had a greater impact on demand than officials expected .
Hilsenrath and Klarman each were indicted on three counts of securities fraud .
" Just sitting around in a big base camp , knocking back cans of beer , I don 't particularly regard as mountaineering , " he added .
" Our strong preference is to achieve a financial restructuring out of court , and we remain hopeful we can do so , " chief executive Marce Fuller said .
Symantec yesterday bought SSL VPN appliance vendor SafeWeb for $ 26 million in cash .
Ricky Clemons ' brief , troubled Missouri basketball career is over .
" We put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching process , probably later than we should have and now we 're just gaining incredible speed .
" I 've stopped looters , run political parties out of abandoned buildings , caught people with large amounts of cash and weapons , " Williams said .
In 2006 , the group says the market will rebound 29.6 percent to $ 21.3 billion in sales .
Sen. Michael Crapo , R-Idaho , chairman of the subcommittee that will consider the nomination , is a longtime friend .
The Passion will feature actor James Caviezel as Christ and actress Monica Bellucci as Mary Magdalene .
The report finds that 6.5 percent of American adults were diagnosed with diabetes in 2002 compared with 5.1 percent in 1997 .
Eight firefighters also suffered minor injuries , including burns , heat exhaustion , bruises and muscle strain , and were treated and released from the hospital , fire officials said .
Althardt said there was no indication that any of the sick children needed to be hospitalized .
The report confirmed the ACLU 's view that the civil liberties and rights of immigrants " were trampled in the aftermath of 9 / 11 , " said Romero .
His band in the early 1930 's included the pianist Teddy Wilson , the saxophonist Chu Berry , the trombonist J. C. Higginbotham and the drummer Sid Catlett .
Trans fats are created when hydrogen is added to vegetable oil , solidifying it and increasing the shelf life of certain products .
International rescue workers are scouring flattened debris for survivors in Iran 's shattered ancient Silk Road city of Bam after a violent earthquake killed more than 20,000 people .
Rich media doubled its share , increasing from 3 % in Q2 2002 to 6 % in Q2 2003 .
" Spin and manipulative public relations and propaganda are not the answer , " it said .
Huge fires in Arizona and Colorado scorched forests where portions of projects meant to reduce the fire threat were tied up in appeals .
He cut his rating for XL shares to " neutral " from " buy , " and said the shares " will not rebound quickly . "
Fed policy-makers signaled they were prepared to cut rates , now at a 41-year low , to ward off even the threat of deflation .
The launch coincides with the JavaOne developers ' conference in San Francisco this week .
" It was a final test before delivering the missile to the armed forces .
Waksal has pleaded guilty to securities fraud and is to be sentenced next week .
Michaela Cuomo , youngest daughter of Andrew Cuomo and Kerry Kennedy , is 8 months old .
The boy also sprayed the room full of retardant from fire extinguishers , which made it hard to see , the chief said .
The Episcopal Church ' ' is alienating itself from the Anglican Communion , ' ' said the Very Rev. Peter Karanja , provost of the All Saints Cathedral , in Nairobi .
The bill says that a woman who undergoes such an abortion couldn 't be prosecuted .
Yahoo accounts for 159,354 of the BSD sites , with 152,054 from NTT / Verio and 129,378 from Infospace , the survey found .
On Monday , as first reported by CNET News.com , the RIAA withdrew a DMCA notice to Penn State University 's astronomy and astrophysics department .
" The GPL violates the U.S. Constitution , together with copyright , antitrust and export control laws , and IBMs claims based thereon , or related thereto , are barred . "
The girls and three of the cadets were cited for underage drinking .
Captain Robert Ramsey of the US 1st Armoured Division said a truck had exploded outside the building about 11am , and that one of the compound 's outer walls had collapsed .
Christensen most recently served as VP of Microsoft 's mobile devices division .
Total Information Awareness is now Terrorism Information Awareness .
Pacific Northwest has more than 800 employees , and Wells Fargo has 2,400 in Washington .
The council includes 13 Shiites , five Kurds , five Sunnis , one Christian and one Turkoman .
The monkeys could track their progress by watching a schematic representation of the arm and its motions on a video screen .
Against the Japanese currency , the euro was at 135.92 / 6.04 yen against the late New York level of 136.03 / 14 .
" The figures are becoming catastrophic , " said Dr. Patrick Pelloux , the president of the association of emergency room physicians .
Last week the power station ’ s US owners , AES Corp , walked away from the plant after banks and bondholders refused to accept its financial restructuring offer .
Mr. Suen said this evening , after the ruling , that Hong Kong 's cabinet would meet " very soon " to decide whether to resume construction .
Both studies are published in the Journal of the American Medical Association .
Rusch has also allowed five or more earned runs in each of his last three starts .
If their circulatory systems are not properly separated , it could kill one or both of them , doctors have said .
Last year , there were shortages of shots for diphtheria-tetanus-whooping cough , measles-mumps-rubella , pneumococcal disease , tetanus and chicken pox nationally .
The meat , poultry , butter , cheese and nuts were impounded a year ago at a LaGrou Cold Storage warehouse in Chicago .
The minister said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14-member cell believed to have carried out the five almost simultaneous attacks in Casablanca on Friday night .
Doctors who knowingly violate the ban could face up to two years in prison .
Dusty had battled kidney cancer for more than a year .
It indicates , Roberts said , " that terrorists really don 't care who they attack .
The new bill would have Medicare cover 95 percent of drug costs over $ 5,100 .
Google 's investors include prominent VC firms Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers and Sequoia Capital , the paper noted .
" Whatever has happened to you by way of punishment is certainly more than enough , " Covello told the 49-year-old , whose family , friends and supporters filled half the courtroom .
He will leave Hollesley Bay open prison at Woodbridge , Suffolk , on Monday , July 21 .
Coca-Cola said it expected its write-down to cut a quarter of a penny per share from second-quarter earnings .
Thanks to the euro 's rise against the Japanese currency , the dollar was at 117.24 yen , well above the overnight 10-month low of 116 yen .
London-based NCRI official Ali Safavi told Reuters : " We condemn this raid , which is in our view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable . "
Southwest said it completed inspections of its entire fleet of 385 aircraft -- all 737s -- and found no additional items .
The company will be able to start recording profits from HPS immediately , Perot Systems spokeswoman Mindy Brown said .
The University of Louisville also is auditing Shumaker 's expenses while he was president there .
School officials said Van-Vliet reported the accident using the bus ’ radio .
Optima first registered www.optimatech.com with Network Solutions at the end of 1990 .
At a press conference Thursday , the group claimed it had obtained 1.1 million signatures on petitions opposing the recall , although the petitions have no legal effect .
Clijsters was simply too complete and powerful for the Spanish veteran Conchita Martínez in her quarterfinal , winning , 6-2 , 6-1 .
Gartner 's report said global WLAN equipment shipments reached 19.5 million last year , a 120 percent increase over 2001 's 8.9 million units .
In an E-mail statement to the Knoxville News Sentinel , Shumaker said , ' ' I am not giving any consideration to resignation .
Microsoft says customers can install applications and software on their handset wirelessly or from a PC via USB connection .
Sources within the racing industry have told the Daily Bulletin that Fontana will get a second NASCAR race on Labor Day weekend starting next season .
According to market research from The NPD Group , the number of people downloading music dropped from 14.5 million in April to 10.4 million in June .
Oracle 's $ 5 billion hostile bid for PeopleSoft is clearly not sitting well with PeopleSoft 's executives .
" I would like the FCC to start all over , " said Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison , R-Texas , who supported reversing the rules .
Mr Sahel said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14-strong cell believed to have carried out the five almost simultaneous attacks on Saturday .
Tennessee Titans quarterback Steve McNair apologized Thursday for his arrest hours earlier in Nashville on suspicion of drunken driving and illegal possession of a handgun .
The autopsy was ordered sealed at the request of both the prosecution and defense .
Ms Lafferty 's lawyer , Thomas Ezzell , told a Kentucky newspaper : " My understanding of this is that there is a lower percentage of successful impregnations with frozen .
And because it is so far out in international water , salvage company Odyssey Marine Exploration does not have to share the wealth with coastal state governments .
" Enron company executives engaged in widespread and pervasive fraud , " prosecutor Samuel Buell told the Associated Press .
His chief lawyer , Mahendradatta , said Bashir was mentally prepared for a heavy sentencing demand and felt the Marriott bombing would affect the decision .
The New York Yankees took third baseman Eric Duncan from Seton Hall Prep in New Jersey with the 27th pick .
The pressure may well rise on Thursday , with national coverage of the final round planned by ESPN , the cable sports network .
Several states and the federal government later passed similar or more strict bans .
State Republican Chairman Kris Warner said the GOP would not shy away from referring to Wise 's problems in the 2004 gubernatorial campaign .
The appeals court judges were in sharp disagreement over what should be done when they ruled in February .
In March , SCO Group filed a lawsuit against IBM charging unfair competition and breach of contract .
In other markets , U.S. Treasuries started off on Monday weaker , as stocks rose early .
They also showed the greatest increase in early rapid head growth compared with those children with milder forms of the disorder .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 index advanced 6.48 , or 0.7 per cent , to 990.51 .
A spokeswoman at Strong Memorial Hospital said Doud was in satisfactory condition Tuesday night .
" It still remains to be seen whether the revenue recovery will be short or long lived , " he said .
Along with chipmaker Intel , the companies include Sony Corp. , Microsoft Corp. , Hewlett-Packard Co . , IBM Corp. , Gateway Inc. and Nokia Corp.
She says the King County medical examiner 's office has confirmed the remains are human .
So in his State of the Union address in January , Bush declared that the British government " has learned that Saddam Hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from Africa . "
Leung faces a sentence of up to 50 years if convicted on all counts .
" We 're making these commitments first and foremost because we think it 's the right thing to do , " company spokesman Michael Mudd said yesterday .
It was better under Saddam , " said 28-year-old Mushtaq Talib , a job-seeking army deserter , when asked what message he would like to convey to Powell .
" The issue has been resolved , " Marlins President David Samson said through a club spokesman .
Both have said they are willing to take the slim chance of success for the opportunity to lead separate lives .
" But unfortunately we find that attacks on Iraqis have increased . "
The Coast Guard airlifted the survivors to Bartlett Regional Hospital , Wetherell said .
Congratulations on being named Time magazine 's Person of the Year .
The settlement taking effect this week was reached less than two months after O 'Malley took the helm of the nation 's fourth-largest archdiocese .
But the cancer society said its study had been misused .
" This has been a persistent problem that has not been solved , " investigation board member Steven Wallace said .
Complicating the situation is the presence of battle-hardened Liberians who have been fighting on both sides .
She recently got the endorsement of the National Organization for Women and the National Women 's Political Caucus .
Advanced Micro Devices Inc . Tuesday introduced its Athlon MP 2800 + processor for entry-level one- and two-way servers and workstations .
Dixon 's win moved him into second place in the points standings , 49 behind Kanaan .
" If they want to replace 11i with PeopleSoft , now that would make sense . "
The judge said Congress is the best forum for weighing the prescription drug importation issue .
Among the Group of Seven nations , the leading indicator rose to 119.1 from 118.2 in April .
" We 've become like total strangers , " Klein quotes him as saying .
Dotson told FBI agents that he shot Dennehy after the player tried to shoot him , according to the arrest warrant affidavit .
The 90-minute exchange in Boston took place at a debate focusing on the issues of interest to young people .
A divided Supreme Court ruled Monday that Congress can force the nation 's public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters .
Papandreou said EU leaders would discuss the appointment of Trichet as ECB president on Thursday evening or Friday .
These days , even death penalty proponents in the Legislature say they are solidly outnumbered by opponents .
Among those waiting a turn was Jodie Singer , a sixth-grader from Washington , D.C.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI added 47.9 points , or 0.52 percent , to 9,174.35 .
Remaining shares will be held by QVC 's management .
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI ended up 56.79 points , or 0.67 percent , at 8,588.36 -- its highest level since January 17 .
The report forecasts there will be 71,079 hot spots worldwide this year , up from just 14,752 in 2002 and 1,214 in 2001 .
ISRAELI soldiers knocked down empty mobile homes and water towers in 10 tiny West Bank settlement outposts overnight as part of a US-backed Mideast peace plan .
He was taken to a hospital for precautionary X-rays on his neck .
His attorney said he is disputing the accusations through the securities dealers association 's hearing process .
Authorities identified the tipster as Richard Powell , who is imprisoned for killing his landlady in 1982 .
The number of lung transplantations also increased from 30 to 64 , and the mean waiting time on the transplant list decreased from 290 days to 87 days .
The 30-year bond US30YT = RR firmed 31 / 32 , taking its yield to 4.16 percent -- another record low -- from 4.22 percent .
ImClone Systems Inc. and OSI Pharmaceuticals Inc. are developing similar medications , designed to target tumor cells while sparing healthy ones .
Police said the suspected Marriott suicide bomber was Asmar Latin Sani , 28 , from the island of Sumatra .
" They were chipping away at the concrete to get to the body , " said Chris Butler , who lives across the street .
" These changes may affect a large number of existing Web pages , " the statement continued .
Although it 's unclear whether Sobig was to blame , The New York Times also asked employees at its headquarters yesterday to shut down their computers because of " system difficulties . "
The most serious breach of royal security in recent years occurred in 1982 when 30-year-old Michael Fagan broke into the queen 's bedroom at Buckingham Palace .
" First , the target was not clear . . . we should have authentic evidence of the target that they really hate Islam , " he said .
The blast occurred at 5 a.m. in the capital 's Al-Bayaa district , police said .
" It is wasting both water and money , " Ortega said Tuesday .
On Sunday , a U.S. soldier was killed and another injured in southern Iraq when a munitions dump exploded .
On Monday , Lynch was awarded the Bronze Star , Purple Heart and Prisoner of War medals at Walter Reed Army Medical Center in Washington .
Joe Kernan , who had been lieutenant governor for the past seven years , was sworn in as governor after O 'Bannon died Saturday .
Mr. Mask said Mr. Cullen would be taken from the Somerset County Jail by Thursday and moved to the Ann Klein Forensic Hospital just outside Trenton for psychiatric care .
She and her husband left behind two sons : Robert , who was six , and Michael , who was 10 .
According to the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( news - web sites ) , there were 19 reported cases of measles in the United States in 2002 .
Albertsons and Kroger 's Ralphs chain locked out their workers in response .
" These documents are indecipherable to me , and the fact is that this investigation has led nowhere , " the lawyer said .
The Defense Department statement said legal access for Hamdi was not required by domestic or international law and " should not be treated as precedent . "
Mr. Turner transferred about 10 million shares to a charitable trust before they were sold .
A fifth member of the " Lackawanna Six , " young Yemeni-American men accused of training at an al-Qaida terrorist camp , pleaded guilty Monday to supporting terrorism .
" Americans don 't cut and run , we have to see this misadventure through , " she said .
The new Mobile AMD Athlon 64 processors are numbered 3200 + , 3000 + and 2800 + .
The study was published Thursday in The New England Journal of Medicine ( news - web sites ) .
" I expect Japan to keep conducting intervention , but the volume is likely to fall sharply , " said Junya Tanase , forex strategist at JP Morgan Chase .
Crews worked to install a new culvert and prepare the highway so motorists could use the eastbound lanes for travel as storm clouds threatened to dump more rain .
Lesser rewards of $ 15 million each were offered for the same information about his sons , Uday and Qusay .
Its shares jumped to $ 54.50 in pre-open trading from $ 50.90 at Wednesday 's close .
The weather service reported maximum sustained winds of nearly 105 miles an hour with stronger gusts .
" It seems to me ... we 're just dealing with bragging rights here , who wins and who loses , " said Gammerman , who heard the case without a jury .
" We are keeping an open mind , " said Sergeant Magee .
Sequent representatives could not immediately be reached for comment on the SCO announcement .
NBC probably will end the season as the second most popular network behind CBS , which is first among the key 18-to-49-year-old demographic .
Part of the accord was the implementation of a special health council that would monitor health spending and progress in reforming the health system .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was off 11.64 points , or 0.60 percent , at 1,912.65 .
Dell 's OpenManage software includes Dell Update Packages with SMS to help automate the management of server hardware , applications and operating systems patches with a single tool .
He 's ashamed of his party , and I don 't blame him one bit . "
" Saddam is gone , but we want the ( U.S. ) occupation to end , " said Hit resident Abu Qasim .
The special tests were developed to measure student progress in meeting the state 's standards for the content taught in each grade .
Kodak expects earnings of 5 cents to 25 cents a share in the quarter .
Rork said he thought Walker would ask him to appeal the ruling in state court and perhaps in U.S. District Court .
Forecasters predict the storm will reach Earth at 3 p.m. eastern time Friday and could last up to 18 hours .
The army said the raid , which comes just days after Israeli troops shot and killed Abdullah Kawasme , the Hamas leader in the city , targeted militants in Hamas .
When fully operational , the facility is expected to employ up to 1,000 people .
A Washington County man may have the countys first human case of West Nile virus , the health department said Friday .
Opponents of the ban also are planning a protest rally at City Hall tomorrow at 1 p.m. to coincide with the scheduled start of the state ban .
Several thousand 3rd Infantry troops , including the 3rd Brigade Combat Team based at Fort Benning in Columbus , began returning last week .
" We hope all parties will continue to make efforts and continue the process of dialogue , " the Chinese Foreign Ministry said in a statement .
It exploded in his hands , but the former Italian prime minister was unhurt .
The Pentagon had hoped to retain control of the postwar effort , so the decision is a victory for Secretary of State Colin L. Powell .
A soldier was killed Monday and another wounded when their convoy was ambushed in northern Iraq .
Even as little as 2 or 3 grams of trans fat a day — a glazed doughnut has 4 grams — can increase health risks .
Certain to give Democrats hope was Bush 's hypothetical matchup with a generic Democrat ; the president prevailed 43 percent to 38 percent .
By March 2003 , 67 percent of broadband users connected using cable modems , compared with 28 percent using DSL .
After the Houston event , Bush returned to his Crawford , Texas , ranch , where he will host Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi on Sunday and Monday .
Slightly more than half of the profit shortfall results from a sales slump , with weakness spread across the company 's various geographic and end markets .
As a precaution , NASA instructed space station astronauts to periodically seek shelter from the storm 's effects in the station 's Russian module .
Apple Computer 's new online music service sold more than 1 million songs during its first week of operation , the company said Monday .
Lovett 's father , Ron Lovett , issued a statement apologising for his son 's behaviour .
Security experts are warning that a new mass-mailing worm is spreading widely across the Internet , sometimes posing as e-mail from the Microsoft founder .
The ADRs fell 10 cents to $ 28.95 at 10 : 06 a.m. in New York Stock Exchange composite trading today .
The report was sponsored by the Computer & Communications Industry Association ( CCIA ) .
Nine seconds later , it broke the sound barrier and continued its steep powered ascent .
" There 's no reason for you to keep your skills up , " the judge told the convicted crack cocaine kingpin .
In a statement , Microsoft said the dividend is payable Nov. 7 to shareholders of record on Oct. 17 .
Critics say the law violates civil liberties , something House Judiciary Committee Chairman James Sensenbrenner , R-Wis . , says he is sensitive to .
" From Justin to Kelly , " starring " American Idol " winner Kelly Clarkson and runner-up Justin Guarini , opened at No. 11 with only $ 2.9 million .
Federal agents said yesterday they are investigating the theft of 1,200 pounds of an explosive chemical from construction companies in Colorado and California in the past week .
In Sweden , 99 percent of women are literate while at the other end of the scale , only eight percent of women in Niger are literate .
For the entire season , the average five-day forecast track error was 259 miles , Franklin said .
Iran has yet to sign an additional protocol to the NPT treaty which would allow U.N. inspections at short notice .
" IT is the only vehicle on which established economies will be able to compete , " Barrett said .
The spacecraft is scheduled to blast off as early as tomorrow or as late as Friday from the Jiuquan launching site in the Gobi Desert .
Feith said people have misconstrued the purpose of the small intelligence review team he assembled in October 2001 .
In January 2000 , notebooks represented less than 25 percent of sales volume .
" The day may come when courts properly can and should declare the ultimate sanction to be unconstitutional in all cases , " Wolf wrote .
On Thursday , Taiwan reported 131 suspected cases of the disease -- up 11 cases from a day earlier .
Is it in the food supply ? " says David Ropeik , director of risk communication at the Harvard Center for Risk Analysis .
" I just hope that this event doesn 't tarnish his career or take away from what he 's done . "
OS ANGELES - ' ' The Hulk ' ' was a monster at the box office in its debut weekend , taking in a June opening record of $ 62.6 million .
Richard Grasso quit as chairman last week after losing the support of his board amid public furor over his $ 140 million pay package .
Last year , Comcast signed 1.5 million new digital cable subscribers .
Merseyside police found the truck , without the books , the next morning about 20 miles from the warehouse .
But those modest gains weren 't nearly enough to offset the loss of 43,000 jobs in Santa Clara County and 18,000 jobs in the San Francisco-Peninsula-Marin area .
New Line Cinema 's prequel comedy , " Dumb and Dumberer : When Harry Met Lloyd " opened with $ 11.1 million .
He was referring to John S. Reed , the former Citicorp chief executive who became interim chairman and chief executive of the exchange last Sunday .
On Thursday , Long heard arguments from both sides .
It represents an important opportunity to put a halt to a national effort aimed at removing any religious phrase or reference from our culture . "
Yet another big fight has been over a White House proposal to privatize air-traffic control at major airports .
Police and school officials agreed last week to step up police presence in response to reports of increased violence and gang activity .
Says IBM : " Electrons come down from the poly-silicon emitter , accelerate through the SiGe base , and make a turn in the SOI layer towards the collector contact electrode .
After three months , Atkins dieters had lost an average of 14.7 pounds compared to 5.8 pounds in the conventional group .
The American decision provoked an angry reaction from the European Commission , which described the move as " legally unwarranted , economically unfounded and politically unhelpful " .
U.S. District Judge William Steele set a hearing tomorrow on the lawsuit .
If successful , the " Muses-C " will be the first probe to make a two-way trip to an asteroid .
OPEC producers at a meeting on Wednesday are set to pressure independent oil exporters to contribute to the cartel 's next supply cut to allow for the return of Iraqi oil .
Smith , 59 , is charged with fraud for allegedly filing false reports to FBI headquarters about Leung 's reliability and with gross negligence for allegedly allowing her access to classified materials .
Goldman Sachs said : " We believe this is the right decision for the company , for its employees and for its creditors . "
I never punished a victim , ' ' said Brigadier General Taco Gilbert , the school 's former number two officer .
Russin did not comment ; his lawyer did not attend the hearing and did not return phone messages .
Anything less is unacceptable , " said Gordon , the ranking Democrat on the House Space and Aeronautics subcommittee .
And when asked if he felt regret or guilt about the attack his answer was an adamant " no " .
In his speech , Cheney praised Barbour 's accomplishments as chairman of the Republican National Committee .
Officials involved in the Howard project rejected the idea that it could harm black people .
John Jacoby , the fire department 's battalion chief , arrived .
Enstrom and Kabat focused their work on 35,561 people who had never smoked but had spouses who did .
Fletcher said he expects to have the support of lawmakers from agricultural states , many of whom are on the committee .
The report by the independent expert committee aims to dissipate any suspicion about the Hong Kong government 's handling of the SARS crisis .
His lawyer , Pamela MacKey , said Bryant expects to be completely exonerated .
Several witnesses have told the court Bashir heads JI , accused of seeking to create an Islamic state in the region .
Federal and local officials , including Bush , saw no apparent sign of terrorism .
Evidence suggests two of the victims were taken by surprise , while the other two might have tried to flee or to defend themselves or the others , police said .
The pill , which they call the " polypill , " would contain aspirin , a cholesterol-lowering drug , three blood pressure-lowering drugs at half the standard dose and folic acid .
At least 150 people are scheduled to testify at the hearings in Gaithersburg , Md . , on Tuesday and Wednesday , with experts and activists lining up on each side .
" For us that doesn 't make a difference , the sexual orientation , " Tutu told television reporters in Soweto .
The statement said Mr Turner transferred 10 million shares of the stock to a charitable trust , which then sold them .
Some 95 million Americans -- half of all households -- invest in mutual funds .
Five foreign embassies , including the Singapore embassy in Bangkok , were among those targeted , " the Singapore statement said .
The fines are part of failed Republican efforts to force or entice the Democrats to return .
Tennessee officials are setting up relief services and mobile communications in Jackson after power was wiped out in the town .
Air Canada , the largest airline in Canada and No. 11 in the world , has been under court protection from creditors since April 1 .
The Portuguese weather service said Europe 's heatwave was caused by a mass of hot , dry air moving from the southeast .
Agassi is not the only American man through to the third round .
He urged Congress to " send me the final bill as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law . "
For the 12-month period ending June 30 , high-speed lines installed in homes and businesses increased by 45 percent .
The year-ago comparisons were restated to include Compaq results .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX was down 0.04 points , or 0 percent , at 971.52 .
Revenue plunged 19 percent to $ 2.07 billion from $ 2.56 billion in the year-earlier quarter .
Plofsky said the commission won 't investigate because the three-year statute of limitations has expired .
A search for three missing teenagers uncovered at least two bodies buried beneath freshly poured concrete in the basement of a house , authorities said Wednesday .
She was 26 then , and a friend tipped her to another position and told her whom to call .
No. 2 HP saw its Unix server sales dropped 3.6 percent to $ 1.36 billion .
Barbini said the union may reach a compromise with the United States but it wants a system for labeling such foods , something the industry successfully fought here .
Sales -- a figure watched closely as a barometer of health -- rose 5 percent instead of falling as many industry experts predicted .
The Senate agreed Tuesday to lift a 10-year-old ban on the research and development of low-yield nuclear weapons .
Also demonstrating box-office strength - and getting seven Tony nominations - was a potent revival of Eugene O 'Neill 's family drama , Long Day 's Journey Into Night .
In a mixture of ancient pagan and modern Christian rites , the villagers have staged a series of ceremonies hoping to erase the misfortunes they believe have kept them poor .
The unemployment rate inched up one-tenth of a percentage point from April 's 6 percent to its highest since July 1994 .
Forecasters said warnings might go up for Cuba later Thursday .
Investment bank Merrill Lynch raised its investment rating on the business software maker Oracle to " buy " from " neutral " with a 12-month price target of $ 15 .
" At least two of them were supposed to be in positions of leadership for the younger boys .
He arrives later this week on the first state visit by a US President .
AFTRA members approved the merger by a vote of 75.88 % to 24.12 % .
The updated products include Pylon Pro , Pylon Conduit , Pylon Anywhere , and Pylon Application Server .
The survey of 60,000 people , conducted in 2001 and 2002 , found 91 percent of commuters use their own car or truck .
Woodley , 44 , died of liver and kidney failure Sunday at a hospital in his native Shreveport , La . , said his niece , Lucy Woodley .
" Arifin has disclosed to the ISD that he is involved with a group of like-minded individuals in planning terrorist attacks against certain targets in Thailand , " the government said .
The three-story brick building has apartments on the upper floors and the Snack Bar and Café downstairs .
Muhammad 's trial began Oct. 14 in nearby Virginia Beach .
Then , suddenly , the ONS reported a fresh 0.6 per cent slump in manufacturing output .
However , we have decided to opt for the European consortium 's engine as the best overall solution and due to the substantial price efforts made " .
Site Finder has been visited 65 million times since its introduction , Galvin said .
The local people say four Iraqis were killed and four were injured .
The formula for its baby food is prepared by the German-owned Humana Milchunion .
I was going to the court believing I could do this , only if I played my best tennis .
Bethany Hamilton remained in stable condition Saturday after the attack Friday morning .
But Peterson added , " I don 't know anybody in the conference committee who 's fighting to keep it out completely . "
Advanced Micro Devices said Fujitsu Siemens Computers is offering a high-end workstation based on AMD 's Opteron 200 Series .
Immunizing mice with pneumococcusleads tothe generation of antibodies that the researchers think lead to the protection from heart disease , he said .
Westfield also will continue discussions over the other co-owned centres , such as Knox City in Melbourne , where Deutsche Bank owns a 50 per cent stake .
Yesterday , Mr. Cuomo 's lawyer , Harriet Newman Cohen , read a statement over the phone : " Mr. Cuomo was betrayed and saddened by his wife 's conduct during their marriage .
The leader of Myanmar 's National League for Democracy won a 1990 election by a landslide but was never allowed to govern .
Box cutters were used as a weapon by the Sept . 11 , 2001 , hijackers and have since been banned as carry-on items .
" It appears from our initial report that this was a textbook landing considering the circumstances , " Burke said .
Yee is a 1990 graduate of the U.S. Military Academy at West Point , New York .
Australia , Chile , Colombia , El Salvador , Honduras , Mexico , New Zealand , Peru and Uruguay will also support the challenge .
A key figure in former state Treasurer Paul Silvester 's bribery scheme was accused Wednesday of changing his story about Silvester 's alleged corrupt dealings with a Boston investment firm .
" The hard-core fans came out for Reloaded and then moved on , " says John Shaw of the box office tracking firm Movieline International .
Thats why the Americans with all their technology cant find him .
Consumers would still have to get a descrambling security card from their cable operator to plug into the set .
Started on Christmas Day in 1931 , the Met 's matinee broadcasts have introduced opera to millions of people around the world .
The Nasdaq composite index advanced 20.59 , or 1.3 percent , to 1,616.50 , after gaining 5.7 percent last week .
A cul de sac with homes burned to the foundation was visible from above .
Mr Morse is charged with assault and Mr Darvish is charged with filing a false report .
Sayliyah was the command base for the Iraq war , but Central Command sent hundreds who ran the war back home to Tampa , Florida .
If convicted of violating the Truth in Domain Names Act , Zuccarini could face up to four years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine .
Results of the 2001 Aboriginal Peoples Survey released yesterday by Statistics Canada suggest living standards have improved but still lag for those off reserves .
All 180,000 DHS employees soon will receive a lapel pin and personalized certificate bearing the seal , DHS said .
Laotian officials yesterday called on France , the former colonial power , to help the country find an alternative investor to EdF .
" The vulnerabilities all relate to a lack of effective FAA oversight that needs to be improved , " the report said .
State air regulators and three automakers have settled a lawsuit challenging the nation 's toughest auto emissions program , a spokesman for California 's air board said Monday .
He had been arrested twice before for trespassing and barred from the complex - home to his mother and two children .
The bureau also failed to pursue other leads , including a local imam who dealt with several key 9-11 figures .
Closed sessions are routinely held at the United Nations tribunal that deals with Balkan war crimes , but usually to protect witnesses 's safety .
The first of those discussions is expected to get under way in the next three to five months .
Numan was the Baath Party 's regional command chairman responsible for west Baghdad .
In that case , the court held that Cincinnati had violated the First Amendment in banning only the advertising pamphlets in the interest of aesthetics .
Montreal-based Bombardier 's Class B shares rose 6 Canadian cents to C $ 3.80 in Toronto on Friday .
The work appears in the Oct. 22 / 29 issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association .
" It just seems like all the issues that we support , he doesn 't , " said Gabriela Lemus of LULAC .
Only Intel Corp. ' s 0.3 percent yield was lower .
" But they did not , as of the time of this particular tragic event , provide the security we had requested , " Mr Jordan said .
" Turning the corner does not mean we 've crossed the finish line , " Gregory told reporters .
" But HRT should not be used to prevent heart disease or any other chronic condition . "
The Bush administration blames Hussein loyalists and foreign Muslim militants who have entered Iraq to fight U.S. troops for the wave of bombings and guerrilla attacks .
" In my mind this is not an issue on the horizon right now . "
Zilkha and other shareholders , including Coastal founder Oscar Wyatt Jr . , had called for Wise 's firing for months .
Thirty-three of the 42 men had been arrested by Wednesday evening , said Daniel Bogden , U.S. attorney in Nevada .
Former company chief financial officer Franklyn M. Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy on June 5 and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors .
Pepper spray and four arrests marked a Monday evening march and rally by about 400 activists protesting an annual training seminar of the Law Enforcement Intelligence Unit .
GALLOWAY TOWNSHIP , N.J. Annika Sorenstam drew the crowds , Michelle Wie got the publicity but Angela Stanford took her first LPGA victory .
Snow 's remark ``has a psychological impact , ' ' said Hans Redeker , head of foreign-exchange strategy at BNP Paribas .
The delegation leaves Chicago today , then will take another week to ready the remains for reburial .
Gateway will release new Profile 4 systems with the new Intel technology on Wednesday .
The samples would be used to find genes involved in diseases with particularly high rates among blacks like hypertension and diabetes .
" A more favorable job market was a major factor in the turnaround , " said Lynn Franco , Director of the Conference Board Consumer Research Center .
The government and private technology experts warned Wednesday that hackers plan to attack thousands of Web sites on Sunday in a loosely coordinated " contest " that could disrupt Internet traffic .
The commission estimates California lost $ 1.34 billion -- the most of any state -- to tax shelters in 2001 .
In connection with the incident , I have acknowledged that I behaved inappropriately . "
" We will clearly modify some features of our plans as well as their administration , " Mr. Reed said in his letter .
At this writing , the fate of Alabama Supreme Court Chief Justice Roy Moore hangs precariously in the hands of the states court of the judiciary .
Dr. Anthony Fauci , director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases , agreed .
The weakness exists in the way that VBA looks at the properties of documents passed to it when the document is opened by a host application .
Benchmark Treasury 10-year notes gained 17 / 32 , yielding 4.015 percent .
That triggered a 47-hour police standoff that inconvenienced thousands of commuters , as traffic backed up in Downtown Washington and northern Virginia .
Researchers found the fossils in a semidesert area of Venezuela , about 250 miles west of Caracas .
Bush plans to meet with Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and the new Palestinian prime minister , Mahmoud Abbas , in the Jordanian port of Aqaba on Wednesday .
The new version , W32 / Sobig.C-mm , had already reached a " high level " outbreak status by Monday , according to security analysts .
Although sex crimes Det.-Sgt. Dave Perry is in command of the case , homicide Det.-Sgt. Gerry Cashman appeared last evening at the home near Finch Ave. and Hwy . 404 .
He playfully chided the Senate 's " little bitty tax relief plan . "
The Sunshine Group LTD represented the developers , The Related Companies and Apollo Real Estate Advisors LP , on the deal .
Republicans had pledged to complete a Medicare drug package by August , then extended the deadline to Oct. 17 , and they are still working on it .
Once converted , BayStar will own an aggregate of approximately 2.95 million shares of SCO common stock or 17.5 percent of the company 's outstanding shares .
Microsoft Corp. this week is releasing the second in a line of seven Microsoft Office Solution Accelerators for its suite .
Schroeder cancelled his Italian holiday after Stefani refused to apologise for the slurs , which came after Berlusconi compared a German politician to a Nazi concentration camp guard .
It is not clear whether the apology was written on the orders of Mr Blair or at Mr Campbell 's initiative .
The lawsuit names Shelley , a Democrat , and registrars in Los Angeles , Orange and San Diego counties .
The company added , " until more facts are presented , Lindows.com will not take a position as to the validity of the claims presented by either side . "
Ridge said no real explosives or harmful devices will be used in the exercise .
The new orders index rose to 52.2 percent from 51.9 percent in May .
Shares of Allergan fell 14 cents to close at $ 78.12 on the New York Stock Exchange ( news - web sites ) .
She asked to be excused from last week 's Cabinet session to prepare for a meeting with the presidents of Rwanda and Uganda .
The April 19 , 1995 , bombing of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building came on the second anniversary of the fiery end of the Branch Davidian siege in Waco , Texas .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was up 14.35 points , or 0.89 percent , at 1,617.91 .
Pataki said if power was restored , state workers would be back on the job Friday morning .
The events mark the latest twists in an unfolding scandal involving a form of trading that takes advantage of delays in the ways funds are priced .
On the other hand , if this will help further establish Steve 's innocence , we welcome it . "
The CWA , which represents more than 2,300 Comcast employees , called that excessive when a typical union employee makes about $ 27,000 a year .
He has been at UCSD since 1991 and was appointed chancellor in 1996 , after spending 22 years with AT & T Bell Labs , where he worked on superconductors and other materials .
I have no doubt whatever that the evidence of Iraqi weapons of mass destruction will be there .
The man accused of using fake grenades to commandeer a Cuban plane that landed in Key West in April was sentenced Friday to 20 years in prison .
He left the army for Syria where he received religious training .
Both sets of findings were presented Dec. 1 at the annual meeting of the Radiological Society of North America in Chicago .
There is one drug on the market for macular degeneration , Visudyne , and it is approved for the treatment of only one subtype that represents a minority of cases .
Her amendment would have changed the bill by keeping with current Texas law , which gives school districts the option to hold a moment of silence and recite the pledge .
The elderly and those with weakened immune systems are also urged to protect against mosquito bites .
Perry has called lawmakers into two special sessions to address congressional redistricting .
Also Wednesday , a minibus detonated a roadside bomb in a Baghdad traffic tunnel , killing two people and wounding two others , hospital officials said .
Strayhorn said it was the first time in Texas history a comptroller had not certified the appropriations act .
" Our decision today is quite limited , " the judges stated in their opinion .
" I don 't know whether that means two years or four years .
The state wanted every insurer doing business in California to turn over records of Holocaust-era insurance policies or risk losing its license to operate in the state .
" The economy , nonetheless , has yet to exhibit sustainable growth .
The broad Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX gained 19.72 points , or 1.98 percent , to 1,015.69 .
Hotly contested legislation that would change the state 's takeover law and help a Michigan-based development company fend off a takeover cleared the state Senate on Thursday .
That kept the records sealed as Limbaugh 's attorneys prepared to file an appeal .
Once seated , the anonymous jurors will be driven back and forth to court in vans with tinted windows to protect their identities .
In fresh bloodshed last night , four Palestinian militants were killed by an explosion in the Gaza Strip , Palestinian witnesses and medics said .
She survives him as do their four children -- sons Anthony and Kelly , daughters Linda Hope and Nora Somers -- and four grandchildren .
The broadside came during the recording Saturday night of a Christmas concert attended by top Vatican cardinals , bishops and many elite of Italian society , witnesses said .
In addition , primary care trusts ( PCTs ) were given star ratings for the first time this year .
Its Canadian operations only buy beef from facilities that are federally inspected and approved by the Canadian Food Inspection Agency .
Penn Traffic a week ago disclosed that it was considering filing for bankruptcy , among other options .
The commission estimated California lost $ 937 million to corporate tax shelters in 2001 .
Xcel shares were up 20 cents , to close at $ 14.10 Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange .
" City-grown pollution , and ozone in particular , is tougher on country trees , " says Cornell University ecologist Jillian Gregg .
They said they had concluded that the film failed " to present a balanced portrayal " of the Reagans .
In Montana , tensions were high yesterday morning as officials prepared for what one official called an " ugly " forecast : more dry lightning and windstorms .
An injured woman co-worker also was hospitalized and was listed in good condition .
There are 625 U.N. troops in Bunia , while there are between 25,000 and 28,000 tribal fighters , from all sides , in the region .
First Essex , with $ 1.8 billion of assets , employs about 360 people and operates 11 offices in Massachusetts and nine in southern New Hampshire .
Canadian officials have agreed to run a complementary threat response exercise .
The CGT warned of prolonged industrial action unless Raffarin agreed .
The Memory Stick Pro Duo card will be theoretically able to transfer data at a rate of up to 20 megabytes per second under optimal conditions , according to Sony .
It features clasped hands and a peace pipe overlapping a hatchet .
The attack seemed similar to others staged near foreign compounds in Riyadh on May 12 .
Retailers J.C. Penney Co . Inc.JCP.N and Walgreen Co.WAG.N kick things off early in the week .
Early Wednesday , the benchmark 10-year US10YT = RR had lost 16 / 32 in price , driving its yield up to 3.33 percent from 3.26 percent late Tuesday .
When Olvera-Carrera was moved to the bus , Perez said the officers dragged him across the ground .
It will also help reform the Royal Solomon Islands Police , strengthen the courts and prisons system and protect key institutions such as the Finance Ministry from intimidation .
United hasn 't set a starting date for the unit , known within the Chicago-based company as Starfish .
Yunos allegedly prepared the bombs ' wiring while Al-Ghozi reportedly admitted preparing the switch on the alarm-clock triggers and packing the explosives , the prosecutors said .
Customers that pay the $ 1,219 entrance fee get SMS 2003 with 10 device client access licenses .
The company posted a profit of $ 54.3 million , or 22 cents per share , in the year-ago period .
Hilsenrath was also indicted on 33 counts of wire fraud , which each carry a maximum penalty of five years in prison , a $ 250,000 fine and restitution .
Since then , Acacia had only had supervised visits with her grandmother , she said .
Spinnaker employs roughly 83 people ; NetApp employs 2,400 .
We cannot allow anything like that , and we won 't . "
On Friday , the Concorde started up around sunrise and seemed to launch itself straight out of the rising sun .
The meeting was scheduled to end Wednesday night , with attendees approving resolutions that express the denomination 's view on issues but that are not binding on churches .
Not counting energy prices , wholesale prices were down 0.9 percent .
A conviction could bring a maximum penalty of 10 years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine .
She said her son followed his father and grandfather into the military .
They described the abductor as a Hispanic man in his 30s or early 40s , 5-feet-2 to 5-feet-5 , weighing about 160 pounds .
" We can presume that we 've prevented a very large number of infections and some significant amount of clinical disease , " he said .
Other features include FileVault , which secures the contents of a home directory with 128-bit AES encryption on the fly .
A powerful typhoon hit southern areas of South Korea , killing at least 42 people and forcing thousands to flee , authorities said yesterday .
He is suspected of being a key figure in Jemaah Islamiyah , the al-Qa 'eda-linked terror group which has been blamed for the bombings .
The fire began about two hours later , the result of an explosion that was likely caused by a steam leak , officials said .
" They drive around in their cars , while people are being killed 500 metres away , " he said on Sunday .
Selenski descended down the wall and used the mattress to climb over razor wire .
The Vatican devised a mini-lift to allow the pope to get on and off helicopters .
The American women , who are defending champions , will play in Philadelphia on Sept . 25 and conclude group competition in Columbus on Sept . 28 .
But the Quartet is divided three-to-one , the United States against the rest , on the question of whether they should treat Arafat as the representative of the Palestinian people .
Kids , adults , booksellers and postal workers all are preparing for " Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix . "
Blair 's government included the charge that Saddam sought uranium from Niger in a September 2002 dossier setting out the case for military action .
Shares ended Wednesday at $ 6.83 , up 2 cents .
Under the legislation , a physician who performed the procedure could face up to two years in prison .
He wounded a security guard and then fled , stabbing two passersby as he ran off along the promenade .
Three Southern politicians who ``stood up to ancient hatreds ' ' were honored Monday with Profile in Courage Awards from the John F. Kennedy Library and Museum .
" Just as before , it will be up to the council to decide the direction and the timing of the process . "
Unless their parents submit written objections , students , regardless of citizenship status , would be required to participate in the pledges and the minute of silence .
According to Tuesday 's report , consumers ' assessment of current conditions was less favourable than a month earlier .
Still , analysts said they were disappointed by the company 's 68 million pretax charge for weather-related and test failure costs on its Polar Tanker crude oil tanker program .
British Airways ' New York-to-London runs will end in October .
Agriculture Secretary Luis Lorenzo told Reuters there was no damage to the rice crop as harvesting had just finished .
Former Indiana Rep. Frank McCloskey , 64 , died Sunday in Bloomington after a battle with bladder cancer .
Gehring waived extradition Monday during a hearing in San Jose , and authorities said they expected him back in New Hampshire on Tuesday .
Cisco pared spending during the quarter to compensate for sluggish sales .
America has accused Syria of not doing enough to prevent foreign fighters infiltrating through its eastern border into Iraq to attack U.S.-led coalition forces .
The defense cannot appeal Roush 's ruling until after the trial .
Buoyed by some of the advice imparted by Nicklaus , Howell shot an 8-under 64 for a one-stroke lead over Kenny Perry .
" Each institution helped Enron mislead its investors by characterizing what were essentially loan proceeds as cash from operating activities , " the SEC said in a statement .
A summary of his remarks says : all the group 's savings have been lost to raids and arrests , and JI is totally dependent on al-Qa 'ida for money .
Their leader , Abu Bakr al-Azdi , turned himself in in June ; his deputy was killed in a recent shootout with Saudi forces .
The indictment said he attended important meetings to plan the attacks , recruited fellow bombers and coordinated the operation .
At midnight , Erika was about 90 miles east of Brownsville and moving toward the west at about 20 mph , with sustained winds near 70 mph .
Elecia Battle , of Cleveland , told police she dropped her purse as she left the Quick Shop Food Mart last week after buying the ticket .
At issue is the scholarship program that helps high-achieving students pay for studies in fields such as business or engineering , but not theology .
Mayor Joe T. Parker said late Thursday that the three workers were two men and a woman who were inside the building when the first blast occurred .
The Bush administration 's hope is that by increasing the efficiency of older power plants -- especially coal -- more power can be produced more cheaply .
A magnitude 8 quake hit the area Friday , setting off a fire in another tank that consumed 188,700 barrels , of crude oil .
Prof Sally Baldwin , 63 , from York , fell into a cavity which opened up when the structure collapsed at Tiburtina station , Italian railway officials said .
Two of them are on an initial list of six detainees who could be tried by the military tribunal .
The support will come as a free software upgrade called WebVPN for current customers that have support contracts .
The two companies said PowderJect 's strong U.S. position would complement Chiron 's European presence .
Oran Smith , president of the Palmetto Family Council , said the assassination marked the end of America 's innocence .
The deal , approved by both companies ' board of directors , is expected to be completed in the third quarter of Nvidia 's fiscal third quarter .
On May 1 , he crawled through a narrow , winding canyon , rappelled down a 60-foot cliff and walked some six miles down the canyon .
Also , businesses throughout Utah are volunteering to display Amber alerts on their signs .
They certainly reveal a very close relationship between Boeing and senior Washington officials .
Sharpton nearly jumped out of his chair , saying , " That sounds more like Stonewall Jackson than Jesse Jackson .
Last year , Congress passed similar , though less expensive , buyout legislation for peanut farmers , ending that Depression-era program .
" I 'm real excited to be a Cleveland Cavalier , " James said .
Every Thursday , a grains management committee meets in the Commission 's agriculture directorate to decide the outcome of a weekly export tender .
Ray Brent Marsh , 29 , faces multiple counts of burial service fraud , making false statements , abuse of a dead body and theft .
Another body was pulled from the water on Thursday and two seen floating down the river could not be retrieved due to the strong currents , local reporters said .
Each hull will cost about $ 1.4 billion , with each fully outfitted submarine costing about $ 2.2 billion , Young said .
Both are being held in the Armstrong County Jail .
The new analysis found that 32 of the 16,608 participants developed ovarian cancer during about 5 years of follow-up .
" I 'm delighted that David Chase has decided to give us another chapter in the great ' Sopranos ' saga , " HBO chairman and chief executive Chris Albrecht said .
The Johnson-Lewis fight was to be the main event of a boxing doubleheader at the Staples Center in Los Angeles .
According to the Census Bureau , the Hispanic population increased by 9.8 percent from the April 2000 census figures .
Spitzer was among a group of federal and state regulators who negotiated a $ 1.4 billion settlement with 10 brokerage houses to settle investigations of analyst conflicts of interest .
For the fourth quarter , Intel expects revenue between $ 8.1 billion and $ 8.7 billion .
They also found shortness was associated with a family history of hearing loss .
Deputies said the incident began at 9 : 40 a.m. when deputies received a phone call from a person requesting assistance regarding a domestic disturbance at 54346 Avenida Velasco .
During the hearing , Morales expressed " sincere regrets and remorse " for his actions .
Belcher said the airport 's conference room became a shelter for several families who had hiked up hillsides ahead of rising water .
The interest rate sensitive two year Schatz yield was down 5.8 basis points at 1.99 percent .
On Friday , the U.S. Department of Labour reported that the U.S. economy shed another 48,000 jobs in April , while the jobless rate jumped to 6 per cent .
" I carried 100 percent of the votes in San Jose -- of all the Austrian-born body builders , " Schwarzenegger said during the benefit at the Fairmont Hotel .
Crohn 's disease causes inflammation of the intestine and symptoms include diarrhea , pain , weight loss and tiredness .
It estimated on Thursday it has a 51 percent market share in Europe .
Roy Moore , the suspended chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court , stood accused but unrepentant Wednesday in the same courtroom he recently presided over .
Associated Press Writer Marc Humbert in Albany contributed to this report .
They later fell out and have backed a series of rival Congolese militias in recent years .
According to Microsoft 's latest proxy report , Ballmer held nearly 471 million shares as of Sept . 9 , 2002 .
The UMass president has acknowledged talking to him once since he went on the lam in 1995 , just before federal indictments were handed down .
Heavy weekend rain and runoff from heavy snowmelt sent a mountain creek on a rampage , washing out a culvert and opening the sinkhole in I-70 east of Vail .
Scientists believed Stardust trapped thousands of particles of dust .
Semiconductor giant Intel Corp. said yesterday that its second-quarter profits doubled from a year ago as stronger-than-expected demand for computer microprocessors offset the weakness of its communications chip business .
Stanford ( 51-17 ) and Rice ( 57-12 ) will play for the national championship tonight .
Boeing said the final agreement is expected to be signed during the next few weeks .
Board Chancellor Robert Bennett declined to comment on personnel matters Tuesday .
Amnesty International has said that over the past 20 years it has collected information about 17,000 disappearances in Iraq but the actual figure may be much higher .
The jury asked for transcripts of Quattrone 's testimony about his role in the IPO allocation process .
Pascal Lamy , the EU ’ s Trade Commissioner , insisted : “ The EU ’ s regulatory system for GM goods authorisation is in line with WTO rules .
The House has passed prescription-drug legislation in the last two sessions , but the Senate has failed to do so .
Warden Gene Fischi said the two inmates broke a 12-by-18-inch cell window , threw a mattress to the ground , and shimmied down the makeshift rope to a second-story roof .
The settling companies would also assign their possible claims against the underwriters to the investor plaintiffs , he added .
Wal-Mart estimates more than 100 million Americans visit their stores every week .
Shiites make up 20 percent of the country 's population .
Snow made his comments to Reuters on Friday but they were embargoed until Tuesday .
Chief Justice William Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Sandra Day O 'Connor agreed with Thomas .
Both markets rallied this past week on bets the Fed will lower rates at its next meetings on June 24-25 .
After Hughes refused to rehire Hernandez , he complained to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission .
Palm Wednesday announced plans to acquire Handspring , a company started by Jeff Hawkins , regarded by many as the father of the Palm handheld .
The Herald reported on Tuesday that internet developer Bruce Simpson was building a missile from parts ordered over the internet and shipped through Customs .
The nation 's largest retailer has told its 100 top suppliers they have to start using electronic tags on all pallets of goods by Jan. 25 , 2005 .
There are 103 Democrats in the Assembly and 47 Republicans .
The new sensor -- dubbed CANARY for ' ' cellular analysis and notification of antigen risks and yields ' ' -- hijacks this natural process with two important changes .
The procedure is generally performed in the second or third trimester .
Turkish authorities have said all the suicide bombers were Turks .
He allowed two runs in seven innings and struck out six .
Ahold Chairman Henny de Ruiter offered shareholders at the meeting his " sincere apologies " for the scandal .
The technology-packed Nasdaq Composite Index < .IXIC > dropped 37.78 points , or 1.94 percent , to 1,912.36 .
This led to the recovery of the 270-kilogram Cancuen altar , announced on Wednesday by the Vanderbilt University in Nashville and the National Geographic Society .
This northern autumn US trainers will work with soldiers from four North African countries on patrolling and gathering intelligence .
The latest raid came as US lawmakers debate a report that accuses Saudi Arabia of not doing enough to counter terrorism .
PeopleSoft will commit $ 863 million in cash and issue 52.6 million new shares , the companies said .
Graham is expected to be nominated and elected to a second one-year term today and will deliver the presidential address .
While rising consumer confidence is welcomed , it is not a component of gross domestic product , whereas new home sales are .
The best-performing stock was Altria Group Inc . , which rose more than 27 percent to close at $ 42.31 a share .
That comment undercut his remarks in an interview on Tuesday that the ECB had not exhausted its ammunition for rate cuts .
" It would be completely irresponsible to reverse course and kill country-of-origin labeling , " said Daschle .
The bomb exploded in Helmand province aboard a bus en route to the provincial capital , Lashkar Gah , according to news agency reports .
Ultimately , however , Mrs Clinton decided she still loved her husband – although " as a wife , I wanted to wring Bill 's neck " .
Yee is a Chinese-American who converted to Islam after graduating from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point .
The Ottoman Dignity will carry the oil to a Turkish refinery on the Aegean coast .
The third case involved contracts signed by Sierra Pacific Resources SRP.N utility Nevada Power Co. and two municipal utilities .
According to Saunders , the gunman said he was frustrated by the U.S. Postal Service 's response to an accident involving a postal vehicle .
The service is deploying Cisco 's BTS 10200 Softswitch cable modem termination system and MGXR 8850 voice gateway products .
The Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade yesterday warned Australians to defer all nonessential travel to Indonesia because of reports of planned terrorist attacks .
Malvo , 18 , will go on trial Nov. 10 for the fatal shooting of FBI analyst Linda Franklin outside a Home Depot store in Falls Church , Va .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index rose 3.42 points , or 0.34 percent , to 1,007.84 .
It is the first major industrial plant for Leighton as project manager .
VeriSign introduced its Site Finder service on Sept . 15 .
The final report on the investigation could take as long as a year , Engleman said at a news briefing .
It will also give Microsoft an opportunity to comment on remedies proposed by the Commission .
Net revenue rose to $ 3.99 billion from $ 3.85 billion during the same quarter last year .
In morning trading , the Dow Jones industrial average was up 40.12 , or 0.5 percent , at 8,571.69 , having fallen 51 points Monday .
The New York Mets then selected outfielder Lastings Milledge from Lakewood Ranch High School in Florida .
But 13 people have been killed since 1900 and hundreds injured .
To win final United States approval , the treaty would have to be signed by President Bush and ratified by Congress .
The latest snapshot of the labor markets was slightly better than economists were expecting ; they were forecasting claims to fall no lower than 410,000 for last week .
This issue is unlikely to be resolved until lawmakers return from their summer recess in early September .
In addition , the Justice Department said that the FBI has conducted ' ' fewer than 10 ' ' investigations involving visits to mosques .
Express Scripts ESRX.O shares fell 3.6 percent to close at $ 66.89 on the Nasdaq .
This year the Audubon Society once again hosts its annual Christmas Bird Count .
A new study , conducted in Europe , found the medicine worked just as well as an earlier disputed study , sponsored by ImClone Systems , said it did .
The department ordered an 18.2 percent reduction for Allstate Texas Lloyds and a 12 percent reduction for State Farm Lloyds .
The main psychologist , Dwight Close , referred questions to an agency spokeswoman , who said she wouldn 't comment on personnel issues .
Delmon was 5 when Dmitri was drafted with the fourth pick by St. Louis in 1991 .
A cost analysis is under way , said Michael Rebell , CFE 's executive director .
Global Crossing wants documents related to the regulatory-approval process and information on XO employee Carl Griver , who used to work for Global Crossing .
Tornadoes tore through Kansas , Missouri and other states in the Midwest , killing as many as 29 people , the Associated Press reported .
" I have lots of bad dreams , I have flashbacks , I have lots of anger .
Dubbed Project Mad Hatter , the Linux-based desktop is being promoted by Sun as a more secure and less expensive alternative to Windows .
At midnight on Wednesday , 68 percent of voters said " no " to the tax , with 97 percent of the votes counted .
In Albany , for example , 24 percent of students passed ; in South Colonie , 14 percent .
The former president also gave numerous speeches in 2002 without compensation , said his spokesman Jim Kennedy .
Several protesters were injured by a speeding police van that drove through the crowd .
" Close co-operation between law-enforcement agencies and intelligence services lie at the heart of the ongoing fight against terrorism , " Mr Howard said .
He also recruited others to participate in the scheme by convincing them to receive fraudulently obtained merchandise he had ordered for himself .
The technology-heavy Nasdaq Composite Index < .IXIC > dipped 6.62 points , or 0.34 percent , to 1,917.67 .
The security official 's backup couldn 't fill in because he was on active military duty , Strutt said .
Kaichen 's former landlord , Carol Halperin of Chappaqua , said Kaichen told her she volunteered at Ground Zero after the attack .
The program only spreads further when a computer user clicks on the attached program that then secretly mails itself to e-mail addresses on the user 's computer .
Wyoming and New Mexico both reported two deaths within the past week .
The intelligence service , headed by Mr. Fujimori 's spy chief , Vladimiro Montesinos , was accused of tortures , drug trafficking and disappearances .
Air Commodore Pietsch said a 9-11 style aircraft suicide attack was the key concern .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index < .IXIC > rose 17.26 points , or 1.06 percent , to 1,640.06 , based on the latest data .
After Saddam 's regime crumbled in early April , it had to wait for legal hurdles to be crossed before sales could resume .
Douglas Robinson , a senior vice president of finance , will take over as chief financial officer on an interim basis .
The first health-care worker in the country to die of SARS was a Filipina-Canadian who contracted the disease at North York General Hospital , the site of the second outbreak .
Her lawyer , M. H. Reese Norris , called the decision an injustice and promised to appeal .
He suddenly found himself confronted with dozens of panicked guests and face to face with one of the men involved in the attack .
At least 1,750 people were ordered to evacuate their homes shortly before 9 a.m. as a precaution , said Steve Powers , Marquette County administrator .
Florida Sen. Bob Graham was not identifiable by 61 percent of those polled .
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI climbed 164 points , or 1.91 percent , to 8,765.38 , brushing its highest levels since mid-January .
Bush already is halfway to his goal of raising $ 150 million to $ 170 million for next year 's primaries .
A report on the finding appears in Friday 's issue of the journal Science .
The others were ABN AMRO AAH.AS , ING ING.AS , Goldman Sachs GS.N and Rabobank [ RABN.UL ] .
" We are expending all available resources toward the investigation , " said Assistant U.S. Attorney Todd Greenberg , a counterterrorism prosecutor in Seattle .
In September , Hewlett-Packard signed a development and marketing deal with the company .
" That said , however , no actual explosives or other harmful substances will be used . "
U.S. officials say the six were , like other prisoners at the U.S. Naval base in Cuba , suspected of involvement with al-Qaida , Afghanistan 's Taliban or some other group .
During her two days of meetings , Rocca will not meet the rebels since they are banned by the United States as a " terrorist organisation " .
Such a step could put the issue before the UN Security Council .
Four versions of Windows operating systems are targeted : Windows NT , Windows 2000 , Windows XP and Windows Server 2003 .
All of a sudden , its like a bullet went through them its like a state of shock .
The broad Standard & Poor 's 500 Index < .SPX > advanced 11 points , or 1.25 percent , to 931 .
Pataki praised Abraham 's decision , and LIPA Chairman Richard Kessel said the cable should be kept in operation permanently .
There is only one drug on the market for macular degeneration , and it is approved to treat only one subtype that represents a minority of cases .
But the technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was up 5.91 points , or 0.35 percent , at 1,674.35 .
The Winston-Salem , North Carolina company opened six stores during the quarter , bringing the total to 282 .
In a not-too-subtle swipe at Dean , he predicted Americans would not elect a Democrat " who sounds an uncertain trumpet in these dangerous times . "
Counties with population declines will be Vermillion , Posey and Madison .
" We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight over a Supreme Court appointment , " Daschle wrote .
The tech-loaded Nasdaq composite rose 20.96 points to 1595.91 , ending at its highest level for 12 months .
" I am advised that certain allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my counsel , " said Silver .
WorldCom 's accounting problems came to light early last year , and the company filed for bankruptcy in July 2002 , citing massive accounting irregularities .
NASA plans to follow-up the rovers ' missions with additional orbiters and landers before launching a long-awaited sample-return flight .
The Space Infrared Telescope Facility 's mission is to search for the beginnings of the universe .
Wells ’ other series include NBC ’ s ER and Third Watch .
It seemed like an isolated incident , " said Ariel Dean of Washington D.C. , who earned a degree in political science .
The stunning art robbery on Sunday was one of the biggest in Europe in recent years .
If people took the pill daily , they would lower their risk of heart attack by 88 percent and of stroke by 80 percent , the scientists claim .
On Thursday , a Washington Post article argued that a 50 basis point cut from the Fed was more likely , contrary to the Wall Street Journal 's line .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index < .SPX > added 12.64 points , or 1.28 percent , to 997.48 .
Change will take time , but is necessary for the nation 's largest home improvement store chain if it is to grow amid increasing competition , chief executive Bob Nardelli said .
If no candidate wins 50 percent plus one in today 's election , the top two will meet in a runoff June 3 .
JetBlue shares slipped nearly 5 percent Tuesday morning on the Nasdaq Stock Market in New York after the deal was announced .
Meningitis is an infection of the spinal cord fluid and the tissue around the brain .
Ultimately , she will earn more than the $ 900,000 that Kenny Perry got for winning the PGA Tour event .
The Federal Trade Commission ( FTC ) asked Congress today for additional authority to fight unwanted Internet spam , which now accounts for up to half of all e-mail traffic .
And as more than 100 people on death rows have been exonerated , other states have abridged or considered abridging the use of the death penalty .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC fell 23.54 points , or 1.42 percent , to 1,630.08 .
Dennehy , who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the University of New Mexico Lobos for temper tantrums , became a born-again Christian in June 2002 .
" As a professional , " he added , " I think I 'd like to be thought of as a good storyteller .
Bremer , 61 , is a onetime assistant to former Secretaries of State William P. Rogers and Henry Kissinger and was ambassador-at-large for counterterrorism from 1986 to 1989 .
Dean told reporters traveling on his 10-city " Sleepless Summer " tour that he considered campaigning in Texas a challenge .
His mother contacted the Federal Public Defender 's office in Sacramento , which has agreed to handle his surrender , she says .
According to security sources , London Metropolitan Police Commissioner John Stevens placed his force on its highest state of alert last week following the warning .
The son of circus trapeze artists turned vaudevillians , O 'Connor was born on Aug. 28 , 1925 , in Chicago and was carried onstage for applause when he was three days old .
" The SEC believes that Lay has personal knowledge of several matters under investigation , " the commission said in the suit .
A Stage 1 episode is declared when ozone levels reach 0.20 parts per million .
National City shares were down 15 cents to $ 32.43 on the New York Stock Exchange .
Michael W. Stout , 56 , was named executive vice president and chief information officer .
Licensing revenue slid 21 percent , however , to $ 107.6 million .
Eric Gagne earned his 17th save in as many opportunities as he struck out three in the ninth and allowed only an infield single by Greg Norton .
Seven 20- and 21-year-old cadets were ticketed by police for drinking alcohol in an off-campus hotel room early Saturday with two young women , aged 16 and 18 .
The governor is going to Jackson , where 13 of the state 's 16 fatalities were reported .
The bank 's shares fell 45 cents in trading yesterday to $ 91.51 per share .
They boy 's father , Terrance Cottrell Sr. , 33 , said yesterday he wants everyone involved in his son 's death to be held responsible .
The increase reflects lower credit losses and favorable interest rates .
EDS said that it was " responding to a subpoena and providing documents and information to the SEC " .
Born in 1953 in Baghdad , her father was Salih Magdi Ammash , a former Vice-President , Defence Minister and member of the Baath party leadership .
Sliding down the ice , Moriarty and Carella hit the spongy , rocky floor of the river and immediately felt the pull .
While some other parts of Africa have been used as staging grounds for the terror group , Malawi previously had not been a major focus of investigations into al-Qaida .
" It seems to me you 're trying to protect privacy of theft , " she said to Barr .
PCCW 's chief operating officer , Mike Butcher , and Alex Arena , the chief financial officer , will report directly to Mr So .
" The layoff is an excuse , " countered Anaheim coach Mike Babcock .
Shares of Corixa were gaining 71 cents , or 10 % , to $ 7.91 on the Nasdaq .
The currency briefly weakened slightly on Monday to trade at 55.34 / 39 , not far from its record low of 55.75 .
The Nasdaq composite index added 30.46 points , or 2 percent , to 1,520.15 .
Shortly after the opening bell , the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 11.13 to 9,228.48 , while the S & P 500 index gained 1.74 to 982.33 .
German prosecutors have ruled out any charges in Germany , meaning extradition " could happen very soon , " Ullrich said .
Richard Miller remained hospitalized after undergoing a liver transplant , but his wife has recovered .
Pollack said the plaintiffs failed to show that Merrill and Blodget directly caused their losses .
Consumer groups are against the changes , saying they hurt individuality in markets .
FRIENDS of Robert De Niro yesterday rallied around him after he was diagnosed with prostate cancer .
Full classes of 48 each are booked through the end of next month , he said , and the agency plans to double its classes in January .
" The case has been ready to go for some time , " said FBI Special Agent Craig Dahle in Birmingham .
The family owns Cheetahs strip clubs here and in Las Vegas .
The differences between Grassley and Thomas on energy and Medicare have become so pointed that other members say their angry personal relationship is embarrassing the party .
Among the workers , the researchers found short workers had worse hearing than expected for their age .
Macugen dries up those blood vessels by blocking a protein in the body that promotes blood-vessel growth .
Other countries and private creditors are owed at least $ 80 billion in addition .
After posting $ 3 million bail , Jackson flew to Las Vegas , where he had been working on a video .
Mr. Malik assured him that he would be considered a martyr if he did not return , the witness testified .
Her lawyer Donald Levine told The Telegraph she had been offered $ US250,000 to tell her story exclusively to Australian TV .
Southwest said its traffic was up 4.6 percent in the quarter , and it ended the quarter with $ 2.2 billion in cash .
Additionally , the h2210 ’ s cradle has room to charge a second battery .
The impact of these shortages , U.S. Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham warned yesterday , " will touch virtually every American . "
The man wasn 't on the ice , but trapped in the rapids , swaying in an eddy about 250 feet from the shore .
SARS went on to claim the lives of 44 people in the Toronto area , including two nurses and a doctor .
Shares of LendingTree rose 22 cents to $ 14.69 and have risen 14 percent this year .
Shares in EDS closed on Thursday at $ 18.51 , a gain of 6 cents .
Omar 's brother , Zahid , and wife , Tahari , were arrested on May 2 in Derbyshire .
As of Friday , the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported 1,602 human cases of West Nile so far this year , including 28 deaths .
The row intensified after Culture Minister Jean-Jacques Aillagon said the government would go ahead with planned cuts to unemployment benefits despite howls of protest from actors .
The volatile mix could drag the session beyond the four days allotted by Bush , said Senate President Jim King .
Officials said it will take lengthy testing to determine if all anthrax spores have been killed .
That second dossier , passed to journalists during Mr Blair 's trip to Washington , said it drew on " a number of sources , including intelligence material " .
Beaumont said he doesn 't expect a rapturous welcome for Jackson if he goes ahead with his visit to England .
The final round of the bee will be broadcast on ESPN at 1 p.m. Thursday .
He admits that the law " has several weaknesses which terrorists could exploit , undermining our defenses . "
Stanford ( 46-15 ) plays South Carolina ( 44-20 ) today in a first-round game at Rosenblatt Stadium in Omaha , Neb .
" I felt that if I disagreed with Rosie too much I would lose my job , " she said .
Pennsylvania , which has the most aggressive treatment program , is treating 548 of 8,030 inmates .
Moroccan Interior Minister Al Mustapha Sahel said the investigation " points to a group that has been arrested recently " , an apparent reference to Djihad Salafist .
Trans fats are created when hydrogen is added to vegetable oil , solidifying it and increasing the shelf life of certain food products .
Kay was sent to Iraq to co-ordinate efforts to find the weapons that US intelligence reported before the invasion that ousted Iraqi president Saddam Hussein had .
Those conversations had not taken place as of Tuesday night , according to an Oracle spokeswoman .
On July 22 , Moore announced he would appeal the case directly to the U.S. Supreme Court .
Colin Powell , the Secretary of State , said contacts with Iran would not stop .
The exam is a requirement for graduation , but Mills reversed course after an estimated 60 percent of students statewide failed it .
Bridges is a retired Air Force major general and a former shuttle pilot .
" This action in no way reduces our commitment to the North American market or changes our long-term plan for growth , " said O 'Neill , who is based in California .
Los Angeles- The deep-sea adventure " Finding Nemo " hooked the top spot at the box office yesterday with an estimated $ 70.6-million opening weekend .
" PeopleSoft management entrenchment tactics continue to destroy the value of the company for its shareholders , " said Deborah Lilienthal , an Oracle spokeswoman .
They said they only wanted to entertain people and win the best float prize and were fired for exercising their free-speech rights .
The banks neither admit nor deny the SEC charges under the settlements .
Elan would receive an additional $ 25 million in January if Skelaxin retains patent exclusivity , and get a cut of sales on a sliding scale through 2021 .
Mitchell Garabedian , an attorney representing many young men who have claimed they were molested by Geoghan , said he was shocked and surprised to hear of the jail death .
I think we made the right case and did the right thing . "
If it 's a Bill Gates Comdex keynote , it must be time for new Tablet PCs .
Trailing Arsenal by eight points two months ago , United rallied from its worst start since 1989 with an unbeaten streak stretching back to Dec. 26 .
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI edged up 13.33 points , or 0.15 percent , to 9,196.55 .
" PNC regrets its involvement " in the deals , Chairman and Chief Executive Officer James Rohr said in a statement .
The audiotape aired last week by the Arab Al-Jazeera television network appears to be an effort to incite attacks .
" He 's made it plain that if we think we are facing a suicide bomber , we should shoot first and ask questions later , " one senior officer said .
Its maker , MedImmune Inc . , based in Gaithersburg , made 4 million to 5 million doses this year .
Jail warden Gene Fischi said said Selenski and Bolton broke their 12-inch-by-18-inch cell window , threw a mattress to the ground and shimmied down the rope to a second-story roof .
Shares in BA were down three percent at 165-1 / 4 pence by 0933 GMT , off a low of 164 pence , in a stronger market .
The South Korean Agriculture and Forestry Ministry said it would scrap or return all Canadian beef in store .
" New Yorkers didn 't embrace these units like they could have , " Matthew W. Daus , the commission 's chairman , said yesterday .
And I really liked him , and I still do .
Tight media controls and the remote location of the clash made it impossible to confirm what happened .
She had been critically ill since having surgery at Baptist Hospital on May 7 to replace a heart valve .
Speaking about the day before he was found dead , she said : " I was physically sick several times at this stage because he looked so desperate .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX was off 1.07 points , or 0.11 percent , at 1,010.59 .
Antetonitrus was brontosaurus ' older brother , hence the name .
Early Monday , insurgents threw a homemade bomb at a U.S. convoy in northern Baghdad , killing an American soldier .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index < .SPX > shed 2.38 points , or 0.24 percent , at 995.10 .
The organizers of the University Games were hoping North Korea 's participation would help boost inter-Korean reconciliation in the leadup to a crucial summit in Beijing this week .
The magazine glorifies soldiers but not the Bush administration for putting them in Iraq , calling troops the bright sharp instrument of a blunt policy .
Deirdre Hisler , Government Canyon 's manager , said the state long has coveted this piece of property , and is eager to complete the deal .
The last time it had a larger one-day loss was July 1 , 2002 , when it shed 59.41 to close at 1,403.80 .
Perkins and Kansas Chancellor Robert Hemenway declined comment Sunday night .
A meeting of the clubs board of directors , chaired by president Florentino Perez , had decided against renewing the 52-year-olds contract as Real Madrid coach .
When varsity coach Kevin McElroy walked into the courthouse with his attorney , the crowd turned their backs on him .
Those who ejaculated more than five times a week were a third less likely to develop serious prostate cancer in later life .
Wall Street moved tentatively higher Tuesday as investors weighed a trio of reports showing modest economic improvement against an urge to cash in profits from Monday 's big rally .
On Monday , Abbey trotted on stage , tail wagging , with Conway before a crowd of 10,000 attendees at PeopleSoft 's annual customer conference .
" The FBI informed Easynews.com that an individual had used the Easynews.com UseNet server to upload the SoBig.F virus on Monday , August 18th .
" I 'm going to try to march with a number of different groups , " Bloomberg said .
Enter the Miami police chief , John Timoney , an avowed enemy of activist " punks " , who classified FTAA opponents as " outsiders coming in to terrorise and vandalise our city " .
Powell changed the story earlier this year , telling officers that Hoffa 's body was buried at his former home , where the aboveground pool now sits .
Bladder cancer is the fourth most common cancer in American men and the eighth in women .
A Tenet spokesman declined to comment Wednesday and a Redding Medical Center official did not return telephone calls seeking comment .
Hundreds of people have signed petitions calling for Archbishop Thomas Kelly 's resignation for his handling of the crisis .
The federal courts have ruled that the monument violates the constitutional ban against state-established religion .
Police believe Wilson then shot Jennie Mae Robinson once in the head before turning the gun on herself .
Viles was found dead after the three failed to respond to a routine call to return to their housing units .
The company 's shares surged $ 4.70 , or 13.7 percent , to $ 39.10 on the Nasdaq Stock Market yesterday .
" It 's our judgment that the possible avenues to a peaceful resolution were not fully explored at the Tokyo conference , " US State Department spokesman Richard Boucher said .
More than 100 officers launched the London raids in the final phase of a two-year operation investigating a cocaine and money laundering ring .
Such was the case Thursday night when the Cleveland Cavaliers won the " LeBron James Lottery , " otherwise known as the NBA draft lottery .
The Intel 865G chipset is priced at $ 44 with integrated software RAID , $ 41 without RAID .
Server software , however , costs thousands of dollars , such as SharePoint Portal Server , which retails for $ 5,619 .
Mr. Jackson is not Muslim nor a member of the Nation of Islam .
Both Strain 121 and Pyrolobus fumarii are members of the unusual life domain known as Archaea .
Police chief Superintendent Jesus Verzosa , who heads the national police intelligence group , which had custody of Al-Ghozi , offered his resignation , and Ebdane accepted it .
Jim Williams , director of the US-VISIT project , said that by the middle of November , inspectors will be fingerprinting and photographing many foreign passengers arriving in Atlanta .
The bill , for somewhere between $ 100,000 and $ 250,000 , went unnoticed until after the couple 's legal defense fund paid out roughly $ 7 million in fees .
BAT also said Antonio Monteiro de Castro , director for Latin America and the Caribbean , would become chief operating officer on January 1 , 2004 .
The elder Yakou , an Iraqi native who is a legal U.S. resident , appeared before a federal magistrate Wednesday on charges of violating U.S. arms control laws .
Some states make them available immediately ; others keep them sealed for as much as 30 years .
Four men were arrested and have been charged with attempted murder , torture , rape , assault , armed robbery and burglary .
Mr Barschak was arrested on suspicion of burglary , which covers unauthorised entry .
One month ago in the same poll , Katz was leading 46 to 40 percent .
News Corp. posted net profit of $ 275 million , or 21 cents per American Depositary Receipt , for the fiscal third quarter ended March 31 .
About 1500 firefighters in Fontana and the neighbouring city of Rancho Cucamonga battled flames with helicopters , air tankers and bulldozers .
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 79.43 points , or 0.86 percent , to 9,117.12 on Friday .
The judge scheduled another oversight hearing for late January .
Another component of the bill would require the FCC to hold at least five public hearings on future ownership rule changes before voting .
The European Union was due on Monday to demand that Iran accept " urgently and unconditionally " tougher inspections of its nuclear program , linking compliance to a pending trade deal .
Michael Jackson spoke out for the first time Sunday night since the latest accusations of child molestation .
Nearly one in 10 people have a gene mutation that can raise their risk of cancer by 25 percent or more , US researchers reported yesterday .
Trading volume was extremely light at 1.05 billion shares , below an already thin 1.19 billion on Tuesday .
The Senate Banking Committee is scheduled to hold a hearing on Tuesday , when Donaldson will be questioned about hedge and mutual funds .
" The panel told the U.S. to correct its flawed determination , " Mr. Pettigrew said in a statement .
After the fraud was discovered , San Ramon-based U.S. Wireless restated its financial results , increasing its fiscal year 2000 loss from $ 11.4 million to $ 17.7 million .
" Our outcomes are very encouraging , " George Mason researcher Ken Alibek said .
The UN has approximately 600 troops in the town , but they were " neither trained nor equipped " to deal with inter-ethnic violence , Mr Eckhard said .
Steve Squyres , a Cornell University scientist , is principal investigator for the missions ' science instruments .
SCO says it has signed the first enterprise customer to its controversial Intellectual Property Compliance License .
The bill is among the first of 13 that Congress must pass each year to fund the federal government .
LLEYTON Hewitt yesterday traded his tennis racquet for his first sporting passion – Australian rules football – as the world champion relaxed ahead of his Wimbledon defence .
A plane carrying 75 people , including 62 Spanish peacekeepers returning from Afghanistan , crashed in thick fog in Turkey early on Monday , killing all aboard , officials said .
About 24 percent of men who took the placebo , or 1,147 men , developed prostate cancer .
A few miles west are the pyramids of Teotihuacan , where corn may first have been domesticated 4,000 years ago .
Only the positive effect on the financial services industry was assured , he said .
The mock explosion of a radioactive " dirty bomb , " the first event in the weeklong drill , occurred on several acres in the south Seattle industrial area .
" For the same reason Dell and Gateway can get TVs , there 's no reason Wal-Mart can 't get computers , " Baker said .
Spitz is expected to testify later for the defense .
There was some counterpunching out there , Manager Lloyd McClendon said .
The world 's first portal potty was soon to be rolled out at summer festivals in Great Britain .
The FBI , CIA , Canadian Security Intelligence Service and Royal Canadian Mounted Police declined to comment on the Washington Times report .
" The steps that the Iranians claim to have taken in terms of capturing al-Qaeda are insufficient , " Fleischer said .
Hussein 's other son , Uday , surrendered yesterday , but the Americans are keeping it quiet because he 's a US agent .
The company , based in Winston-Salem , reported first-quarter profit of $ 13.1 million , or 22 cents per share .
Texas Instruments climbed $ US1.37 to $ US19.25 and Novellus Systems advanced $ US1.76 to $ US36.31 , each having been raised to " overweight " by Lehman .
In his letter , McBride charges the Free Software Foundation and Red Hat with trying to undermine U.S. copyright laws .
Still , Jessica Biel ( formerly of the WB ’ s “ 7th Heaven ” ) brings an athletic intensity to the role of Leatherface ’ s last elusive victim .
Dean said his plan would cost about $ 88 billion annually -- to be paid for by eliminating some of Bush 's tax cuts .
SCO changed its name to Tarantella , and Caldera later changed its name to the SCO Group .
She suffered severe brain damage following a heart attack in 1990 .
On Monday , Putnam said chief executive Lawrence J. Lasser had resigned .
Chante Jawaon Mallard , 27 , is charged with murder and tampering with evidence .
Officials are trying to retrieve the bodies from the water , " police official J.D. Tambe told Reuters .
And it 's not in the regular season , but right now , " Babcock said .
Investigators worked through the Christmas holiday to prevent a potential outbreak of the deadly disease and to calm public fears about the food supply , Harrison said .
The Reagan , a floating airfield with a flight deck covering 4.5 acres , is the ninth Nimitz-class carrier to be built at the Newport News shipyard .
Twenty-four players broke par in the first round , the third highest figure in U.S. Open history .
Happy Family has ex-Night Court star Larroquette and Christine Baranski as a couple with grown children who won 't leave their lives .
The victim , who was not identified , was taken to Kings County Hospital where he was pronounced dead .
" Your withdrawal from our country is inevitable , whether it happens today or tomorrow , " added the voice , which signed off giving the date as " mid-September . "
Quinn was assigned to the 3rd Armored Cavalry Regiment , based in Fort Carson , Colo .
By law , 911 calls are not public information in Rhode Island .
New construction has not put a drag on the skyrocketing median home price , which is $ 364,000 in April , up 14.8 percent from a year ago .
The Jacksons remained in Camden County jail on $ 100,000 bail .
He ran last year for the Democratic nomination for Texas governor , but lost the primary to multimillionaire Tony Sanchez .
With diplomacy heating up in the nearly 10-month-old crisis , Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing flies to Japan on Sunday en route to South Korea on August 13 .
Seven of nine Democratic candidates for president also said they would participate in the conference Monday .
Innocent or not , " she 's damaged goods , " said Howard Davidowitz , chairman of Davidowitz & Associates , a national retail consulting firm in New York .
But police say the driver of the truck has not been found and is wanted for questioning .
Militias also attacked local U.N. offices and , according to a U.N. spokesman , had fired into crowds seeking shelter near the airport in Bunia .
Analysts spent yesterday running the red pen through the accounts and are expected to announce further cuts to the company 's value .
The Philadelphia Stock Exchange 's semiconductor index .SOXX jumped 6.10 percent .
Nick Pollard , the head of Sky News said : " This is a shocking blow for James 's family .
Kimmitt said the operation was a show of force as the military steps up security against threats of attacks over the Christmas holiday by Baghdad 's 14 identified guerrilla cells .
Lieberman and other psychiatrists noted that other studies of SSRIs in children also have failed to find large differences in effectiveness between the drugs and placebos .
" The concrete barriers ( between lanes ) were being tossed around like feathers . "
Hundreds of soldiers were involved , an apparent signal to Hamas that Israel would not limit itself to air strikes in Gaza .
It also added that both proposals would allow Vivendi Uni to maintain " a substantial minority interest in a U.S. media corporation with excellent growth potential . "
The computers are currently sold in Canada , the United States , and Korea .
But I would rather be talking about high standards rather than low standards . "
Some opposition leaders called for withdrawing troops , but others said they would reserve comment until mourning was over .
National Breast Cancer Centre head Professor Christine Ewan said there was no need for panic .
David Brame shot his wife and then himself April 26 in a Gig Harbor parking lot as their two children sat in his car nearby .
The company added that it would reevaluate its commitment to the remaining New York show , which took place last month .
" As is the case with all appointees , Commissioner Anson is accountable to me , " Rowland said .
Carlton Dotson , Dennehy ’ s former teammate , reportedly told FBI agents he shot Dennehy after the player tried to shoot him , according to the arrest warrant affidavit .
There ’ s also at least three suspected cases in Illinois and 11 in Indiana .
Aides to the general said Mr. Segal 's arrival could have been the source of friction with Mr. Fowler .
The record-setting pace of new personal bankruptcies continued in the 12 months ending Sept . 30 , with their number rising 7.8 percent , according to data released Friday .
The company said it would cut the wholesale price of most top-line CDs to $ 9.09 from $ 12.02 .
Dotson , 21 , was arrested and charged on July 21 after reportedly telling authorities he shot Dennehy after Dennehy tried to shoot him .
Neither authorities nor Granquist would release identities of the victims pending family notification .
Stocks closed largely unchanged , with the Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index dipping 1.17 points , to 1,046.94 .
Hollywood and the world are gearing up to celebrate legendary entertainer Bob Hope 's 100th birthday on Thursday .
" The executive board decided to refer this to the capitals , " the Korean Energy Development Organization said .
Vice President Dick Cheney says Mississippi Republican Haley Barbour would be a good governor because of his government and business savvy .
The bomb exploded while authorities waited for a bomb squad to arrive .
The Arizona-based ISM reported Monday that its non-manufacturing index rose to 50.7 last month , from 47.9 in March .
Two federal agencies are investigating telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia .
Rubbing salt in the wounds , housing starts jumped a strong 6.1 percent in May while industrial output edged up 0.1 percent , just beating forecasts of a flat outcome .
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 86.56 points , or 0.94 percent , to 9,109.99 , after giving up more than 1 percent earlier .
States of emergency were declared in North Carolina , Virginia , Washington DC , Maryland , West Virginia , Delaware , Pennsylvania and New Jersey .
Wal-Mart Stores Inc . , the nation 's largest private employer , will now include gays and lesbians in its anti-discrimination policy , company officials said Wednesday .
The company also said it would cut wholesale prices on cassettes and change the suggested retail price to $ 8.98 .
According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics , wages among all nongovernment workers rose an average 2.7 percent from July 2002 through June 2003 .
Australian researchers believe they have found a trigger of type 1 diabetes in children - their mothers eating potatoes and other tuberous vegetables during pregnancy .
Colgate shares were down 30 cents at $ 56 in morning trade on the New York Stock Exchange .
Details on pricing will be announced within a few weeks , McBride said .
Some media reported that Jordanian embassy staff were killed in the attack .
That was the biggest drop since August 1993 and stemmed from falling prices for cars , trucks , men 's and boys ' clothes and cigarettes .
However , the Saudi interior minister , Prince Nayef , denied the reports .
If enacted , federal agencies would have six months to develop and implement these plans .
The risk is doubled for people with two copies of the mutated gene , the researchers said .
Legato stockholders will get 0.9 of a share of EMC stock for every share of Legato they own .
MediaQ 's customers include major handheld makers Mitsubishi , Siemens , Palm , Sharp , Philips , Dell and Sony .
Elsewhere in the north , the American administrator for Iraq , L. Paul Bremer III , paid a brief , low-profile visit to the cities of Erbil and Suleimaniya .
The PracticeWorks acquisition is expected to add about $ 215 million to Kodak 's revenue in the first full year , be slightly dilutive through 2005 , and accretive thereafter .
If the Democrat certifies that there are enough valid signatures , the lieutenant governor must call an election within 60 to 80 days .
It is for that reason that legal scholars said Judge Nottingham 's decision was at least plausible .
The Dodgers won their sixth consecutive game and seventh in their last nine as they beat Colorado 3-2 on Wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at Dodger Stadium .
The weekend arrest of Russia 's richest man , Mikhail Khodorkovsky , chief executive of oil major YUKOS , on charges of fraud and tax evasion unnerved financial markets .
The two Democrats on the five-member FCC held a news conference to sway opinion against Powell and the panel 's two other Republicans .
But if the trademark is withdrawn , subscribers won 't have access to Blue Cross Blue Shield nationwide and international service providers .
The two victims buried in the yard were not identified , though authorities said at least one has been there about a year .
This is a hospital that treats everybody as people , and if we could do that throughout the world , we could end terrorism . "
Analysts had forecast second quarter sales of $ 614 million , according to the Thomson First Call Web site .
Chiron and Aventis Pasteur together made about 80 million doses , ordinarily enough for U.S. demand , The Associated Press reported .
The Ministry of Defence said yesterday : “ We can confirm that an investigation is being conducted into allegations surrounding a British officer who served in Iraq .
Amazon and the New York attorney general 's office have already settled with one of the alleged e-mail forgers .
Geraldine Andrews , Reynolds ' daughter-in-law and a friend of Wilson 's family , said Robinson had recently taken Wilson out of a mental health facility .
In an accompanying editorial , two breast cancer researchers said that the effect of hormones on the breast created a double whammy that was " almost unique " in medicine .
To force a recall election of Davis , the valid signatures of 897,158 registered California voters must be turned in to election officials .
The other semifinal between Guillermo Coria of Argentina and Martin Verkerk of the Netherlands is also compelling .
The Bush administration wants to let governors seek exemptions from a ban on mining , drilling and logging in one-third of the national forests .
In July 2002 , PWC paid $ 5 million to settle alleged violations of auditor independence rules .
Reed said board members can 't defend themselves by saying they didn 't realize the size of Grasso 's package .
" This sale is part of our efforts to simplify our Foodservice Products business and improve its cost structure , " chairman and CEO Gary Costley said in a statement .
Sales fell to $ 3.3bn in 2002 , as the bad news from the Women 's Health Initiative hit the US market .
The agency said it had no plans to release the name of the teenager involved because he was a minor .
According to an arrest warrant , Bryant , 24 , attacked a woman on June 30 .
FirstEnergy Corp. should have determined that modernizing one of its plants would increase overall pollution emissions , U.S. District Judge Edmund Sargus ruled Thursday .
Parents received letters informing them of the possible contamination yesterday .
Thursday morning , PeopleSoft 's board rejected the Oracle takeover offer .
In one scene the film showed Mr Reagan 's character saying of Aids patients : " They that live in sin shall die in sin . "
Weyerhaeuser , one of the world 's largest producers of softwood , can produce about 7.6 billion board feet a year .
Mr. Bremer said that Iran , including its intelligence service , continued to interfere in fledgling political reconstruction .
" MediaMax performs EXACTLY as " advertised " to the companies who purchased it , " Jacobs said in the statement .
York had no problem with MTA 's saying the decision to shift funds was within its powers .
Circuit Judge LeRoy Millette said it " has been clearly shown that such a change of venue is necessary to ensure a fair and impartial trial . "
But they don 't realize that until it 's too late ( of course ) because they 're potential victims .
Meantime , the Direct Marketing Association said its members should not call the nearly 51 million numbers on the list .
Proposition 34 , a campaign financing initiative passed by the voters in 2000 , limits fund-raising and spending by candidates for governor .
In Uganda , Anglican spokesman Jackson Turyagyenda said the church was " very disappointed " .
He received a master 's in engineering management in 1991 from the University of Central Florida .
That fire devastated the reservation , a nearby national forest and several communities , burning 469,000 acres and destroying 491 homes .
DRINKING green tea can dramatically reduce the risk of men contracting prostate cancer , a study by Australian researchers has discovered .
There was no immediate comment from Savage , according to a spokesman at his office in California .
I never wanted the matter to come to court and have been overwhelmed by the whole process and the media coverage that has surrounded it . "
Dave Tomlin , AP 's assistant general counsel , said the parties are deciding whether to appeal the order .
The government recently shelved peace talks being brokered by neighbouring Malaysia after a spate of attacks on Mindanao , including three deadly bombings , that it blamed on the MILF .
The combined company 's commercial lines and personal lines business will be consolidated under the Travelers brand and based in Hartford , Connecticut .
While waiting for a bomb squad to arrive , the bomb exploded , killing Wells .
The Securities and Exchange Commission and the U.S. Attorney have opened investigations into Freddie Mac over its accounting practices .
More than 130 people have been arrested and $ 17 million worth of property seized in an Internet fraud sweep announced Friday by three U.S. government agencies .
Batters faced : Franklin 25 , Kieschnick 7 , Foster 2 , Leskanic 3 , DeJean 4 , Prior 28 , Alfonseca 2 , Guthrie 2 , Cruz 7 , Remlinger 6 .
Instead he left the courtroom a free man after authorities dismissed criminal charges .
Prairie dogs , usually found in southwestern and western states , aren ’ t indigenous to Wisconsin .
" President Bush has to put Putin on notice that he is taking Russia in the wrong direction , " Soros said .
They would receive no help with costs between $ 4,500 and $ 5,800 .
" I think it will pass , " Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle , D-S.D. , said in Washington .
Playwright George Axelrod , who anticipated the sexual revolution with The Seven Year Itch and Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter ?
" The regime of Saddam Hussein possessed and used weapons of mass destruction , sponsored terrorist groups and inflicted terror on its own people . "
An Ohio law that bans a controversial late-term abortion procedure is constitutionally acceptable and the state can enforce it , a federal appeals court ruled yesterday .
" I 'm not going to be sponsoring it because it 's not our proposal , but I 'm not responding to it in a negative way , " he said .
The group is also offering end user telephone support for $ 39.95 per incident .
If Mrs Clinton does decide to contest the 2008 election , she cannot announce her candidacy before 2006 , which is when she faces re-election for the Senate .
" But they did not , as of the time of this tragic event , provide the additional security we requested . "
The subject was scarcely mentioned in his 2000 campaign , or in his administration 's national security strategy .
The security personnel performed ``well within standards ' ' and the two staff aides were ``very sorry all this happened , ' ' Gainer said .
It warned that London , among a number of other cities , was facing an increasing threat of a suicide bomb attack .
Jirsa will be introduced as the 25th Marshall basketball coach today at a press conference in the Henderson Center ’ s Big Green Room .
" The National has no interest in acquiring AMP while AMP owns its U.K. business , " NAB chief executive Frank Cicutto said .
One villager , Ali Mekki , said : " This is my sweatshirt which my brother Jaafar used to borrow from me all the time . "
He told " Today " that authorities , as part of protocol , were talking with other children Cruz had had access to .
ESPN reported that Knight 's two-year deal is worth $ 2.38 million , including a $ 300,000 signing bonus .
Sen. Thurmond " never acknowledged his daughter and fought for laws that kept his daughter segregated .
But the plan was abandoned as some in the group were uncomfortable the victims would be schoolchildren .
The Arizona-based ISM reported Monday that its non-manufacturing index rose to 50.7 last month , from 47.9 in March .
She has been the consumer unit 's chief operating officer since April 2002 , and sits on Citigroup 's management committee .
About 70,000 union members are on strike , including about 18,000 Ralphs employees .
Macklowe has signed a sale contract , which is expected to close shortly , said his spokesman , Howard Rubenstein .
Judge Tim Harley declared a mistrial in the Adrian McPherson gambling trial today after the jury was unable to reach a verdict .
An outspoken opponent of terrorism , Professor Said 's principal political allies were among the Palestinian intellectuals and civic leaders who have stood aside from the Arafat-dominated PLO and Palestinian Authority .
Software developers use compilers to translate a programming language , such as C + + , into the machine language understood by the processor .
The state will consider the police memorial after planning is completed on another memorial to all the victims , said Micah Rasmussen , a spokesman for Gov. James E. McGreevey .
Named after the msblast.exe file that contains the program , the MSBlast Internet worm infected more than 300,000 computers since Monday .
NBC also announced that it has extended its deal with Warner Brothers Television to keep ER on the air for at least three more seasons .
Mr. Nicolas is an uncle of Abner Louima , who was tortured by New York City police officers in 1997 .
The number of Americans living in poverty increased by 1.7 million last year , and the median household income declined by 1.1 percent , the Census Bureau reported yesterday .
It has been well documented over 12 years of lies and deception from Saddam . "
Defense lawyers had objected in earlier hearings to showing the videotape and the photo , saying they were too unclear to identify the person in them .
A poll released this week showed that the FBI bugging of the mayor has given a boost to his re-election effort .
The promises of lawsuits came within four days of the crash and before the National Transportation Safety Board had finished the investigation .
They were the deadliest terrorist attacks against Americans since September 11 .
A move to legalize marijuana for medical use was defeated yesterday in the state House of Representatives , 79-64 .
The consumer-confidence index came in at 83.5 in June , down slightly from a revised 83.6 in May , the Conference Board said .
The family was last seen July 6 and their bodies were found Tuesday .
As expected , Dean led the field in the second quarter with $ 7.6 million raised .
Standard & Poor 's 500 index rose 15.66 to 1,046.79 , its best advance since Oct. 1 , when it gained 22.25 .
Intel said it will use this advancement along with other innovations , such as strained silicon and tri-gate transistors , to extend transistor scaling and Moore 's Law ( define ) .
A Microsoft spokesman was not immediately available to comment .
The women said victims of rape who came forward routinely were punished for minor infractions while their assailants escaped judgment .
The State Court of Appeals did not explain its reasons for not disturbing the Appellate Division 's unanimous opinion issued in July .
The latest shooting linked to the spree was a Nov. 11 shooting at Hamilton Township Elementary School in Obetz , about two miles from the freeway .
The damaged area of the garage was not stable , with ``the real potential for a secondary collapse , ' ' McGreevey said .
Shevaun Pennington disappeared on Saturday morning after arranging to meet 31-year-old Toby Studabaker .
Max Guarino , 17 , was found April 25 in the water off City Island .
Authorities picked up Dotson on July 21 after he called 911 , saying he needed help because he was hearing voices , authorities said .
Uruguayan armoured personnel carriers trained mounted machine guns down Bunia 's empty main street , but they were under orders not to open fire .
Separated by a few metres , Mr Laczynski pressed against the metal fence which divides court officials from the crowd .
The banks did not admit or deny the SEC charges under the settlements .
Other members of the organization are believed to be in Pakistani cities , where many of the arrests of key Al Qaeda operatives have taken place .
Scott Dixon eventually made winning the Honda Indy 225 look easy Sunday at Pikes Peak International Raceway .
Leaders from the city of Detroit , Wayne County and the Detroit Medical Center must still approve a financial plan to keep Detroit Receiving and Hutzel Women 's hospitals open .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX gave up 11.91 points , or 1.19 percent , at 986.60 .
Swartz had sought to have the charges dismissed , saying New Hampshire was the wrong place to charge him .
The resolution was approved with no debate by delegates , who met in San Francisco for the bar association 's annual meeting .
Three new dramas , including one starring The West Wing refugee Rob Lowe , will also be on the schedule , NBC announced yesterday .
The committee would propose a replacement for the " Robin Hood " school finance system .
The research adds to the evidence that diet may affect a person 's chances of developing the mind-robbing disease that afflicts more than four million North Americans .
On May 22 , 2002 , the first of Levy 's weathered bones were found in Washington 's Rock Creek Park .
Tito Barbini , a regional minister for agriculture in Tuscany , Italy , criticized the absence Tuesday in Sacramento .
This study 's researchers , from the Institute of Child Development of the University of Minnesota , had earlier found the same pattern in 3- and 4-year-olds .
Since early May , the city has received 1,400 reports , he said .
Grassley and Baucus said they had rejected that approach in their plan .
Ernst & Young spokesman Kenneth Kerrigan said the firm admits no wrongdoing .
The government recently added the word ' Taiwan ' in English to the cover of its new passports , a move slammed by Beijing .
Leading black Democrats in Congress and the national party are protesting the layoffs of 10 minority staffers at the party 's headquarters .
Advancers outnumbered decliners by nearly 8 to 3 on the NYSE and more than 11 to 5 on Nasdaq .
" I thought it was going to be a special day , but I didn 't want to get ahead of myself , " she said .
The pipeline exploded only a few hours after two U.S. soldiers from the 3rd Armored Cavalry were wounded when their Humvee vehicle detonated a land mine in the same area .
It is priced at $ 5,995 or $ 195 on a per user licensing plan with a minimum of five users .
Besides a sales slump , Siebel is sparring with some shareholders over management stock option windfalls .
The last month has been a whirlwind for the 18-year-old from Akron , Ohio .
His hatred had germinated and cemented his belief that violence was the best panacea .
The latest 11 News / Houston Chronicle Poll shows White supported by 53 percent of surveyed voters , far ahead of Orlando Sanchez 's 35 percent .
The damages included $ 24 million in compensatory damages and $ 52 million in punitive damages for IDJ .
The launch marks the start of a race to find life on another planet .
A convicted killer and two other inmates cut through two fences topped with razor wire and escaped from a state prison on a busy street .
Health officials confirmed today that a northeast Kansas woman has the state 's first case of monkeypox and the first case west of the Mississippi River .
The final price will be a 5 per cent discount to the volume-weighted average of trading between June 23 and July 11 .
Marissa Jaret Winokur , as Tracy , won for best actress in a musical .
But church members and observers say they anticipate that the decision here could pose doctrinal problems for some Episcopalians who believe the Bible prohibits homosexuality .
Analysts polled by Thomson Financial First Call had been expected to see a loss of about 11 cents a share from continuing operations .
The supermarket chains have used managers and replacement workers to keep their stores open , often at reduced hours .
A 114-year-old Japanese woman who just weeks ago assumed the title of the world 's oldest person died today , a Hiroshima official said .
It has sought observer status for seven years , but was again rebuffed May 19 at the annual WHO conference in Geneva .
Their belief was based on speculation that estrogen prevents cell damage and improves blood flow .
Virginia Gov. Mark R. Warner has been urging other state officials to do whatever they could to protect Virginia Tech 's interests .
It generated $ 4.47 billion of profit and $ 20 billion of revenue in the year 's first half , 53 percent of Citigroup 's totals .
Surrounded by singers from Harlem , Bush said : ' ' The artistry of black musicians has conveyed the experience of black Americans throughout our history .
That fire devastated the reservation , a nearby national forest and several communities , burning 469,000 acres and destroying 491 homes .
The attorney representing al-Halabi , Air Force Maj. James Key III , denied the charges , according to The Associated Press .
I am never going to forget this throughout my life . "
In 1969 , Ms. McCorvey 's attorneys filed suit against Dallas County District Attorney Henry Wade challenging the state 's abortion laws .
A new feature dubbed FileVault , also new in Panther , secures the contents of a user 's home directory with 128-bit AES encryption .
A European Commission initiative has issued guidelines to member governments on how to migrate to open source software on both servers and desktops .
" The mission of the CAPPS II system has been and always will be aviation security , " they said .
" I marched in the streets against Richard Nixon and the Vietnam War , " she said .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index < .IXIC > climbed 19.11 points , or 1.2 percent , to 1,615.02 .
He was arrested in Atlanta , Georgia , on Monday night by police acting on a tip-off .
The witness was a 27-year-old Kosovan parking attendant , who was paid by the News of the World , the court heard .
Mr. Stewart said the ring was most likely a work in progress , and that flaws , like being tied to a single server , would be eliminated over time .
Intel 's current Pentium 4 chips have 512K bytes of cache .
They patrol borders , analyze U.S. intelligence , respond to emergencies and guard against terrorism , among other tasks .
At 12 months , there was still a difference between the groups , but it was not considered significant .
The gunman , 26-year-old Harold Kilpatrick jnr , had left a note saying he " wanted to kill some people and die today " .
New Jersey was one of eleven states that asked a federal appeals court Thursday to force the Environmental Protection Agency to regulate greenhouse gas emissions .
White House spokesman Scott McClellan called the Padilla ruling " troubling and flawed .
Responding , Edward Skyler , a spokesman for the mayor , said later : " The comptroller 's statements , while noteworthy for their sensationalism , bear no relation to the facts .
Reuters witnesses said public squares were packed with crying children and people left homeless , huddled in blankets to protect them from the cold .
The push to schedule a Labor Day race at California Speedway has gained momentum since the series visited the race track for the Auto Club California 500 in April .
" The important issues are how the political process is being organized , " Pleuger told reporters .
The mother also contended that she was sexually assaulted by one of the guards during the 1998 confrontation .
Extra guidance on countering suicide bombers is now being given to officers in London , and will be extended to other forces next month .
Ohio Attorney General Jim Petro was pleased by the ruling , spokesman Mark Gribben said .
Standard & Poor 's 500 stock index futures declined 4.40 points to 983.50 , while Nasdaq futures fell 6.5 points to 1,206.50 .
At 12 : 10 p.m. EDT , Canada 's benchmark S & P / TSX composite index was up 6.87 points or 0.1 per cent to 6,979.29 .
Hispanics have officially overtaken African Americans as the largest minority group in the US , according to a report released by the US Census Bureau .
Powerful Mistral winds were fanning the flames , which have destroyed more than 8000 hectares of pinewood since the blazes began on Monday afternoon .
Garner said self-proclaimed Baghdad mayor Mohammed Mohsen Zubaidi was released 48 hours after his detention in late April .
They said some of the documents were administrative paper work and some about a failed and well-known uranium-enrichment program of the 1980s .
Prosecutors called Durst a cold-blooded killer who shot Black to steal his identity .
That was more than double the $ 102 million , or 13 cents a share , for the year-earlier quarter .
" For one thing , it says , ' Come on , it 's working , ' " Don Marti , editor in chief of the Linux Journal told the New York Post . "
Most of their features were similar to those of early humans whose fossils have been found at sites in Africa , the Middle East , and later in Europe .
Mr. Powell told a crowd at a cemetery with a thousand headstones , many of them marking the graves of entire families .
The free service was originally intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketer calls .
IBM ranked second with 24 percent share there , and Microsoft ranked third .
Mehr said police had no way of knowing who or what Kilpatrick was shooting at with the single shot .
Former prisoner of war Pfc. Jessica Lynch is winning admiration in her hometown all over again for the courage to reveal she was raped by her Iraqi captors .
It added it had " co-operated fully " with police since November .
Partly as a result , ABC chose to broadcast its special report out of Washington with Ted Koppel as anchor .
The incubation period in cattle is four to five years , said Dr. Stephen Sundlof of the Food and Drug Administration ( news - web sites ) .
" We believe the long-term prospects for the energy sector in the UK remain attractive , " Goldman said .
U.S. officials did not say whether American forces , who were acting on intelligence , crossed into Syrian territory and were vague about how the Syrian guards were involved .
House Energy and Commerce Committee Chairman Billy Tauzin , R-La . , said his committee will hold a hearing on the power outage in September .
" Clearly , the debate and the discussion have had an effect , " says David Smith , a spokesman for the Human Rights Campaign .
" Employers accused of workplace discrimination now are considered guilty until they can prove themselves innocent .
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman kicks off the three-day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology on Monday .
The New Democrats also renewed their commitment to no health-care privatization and no premiums .
The S & P 500 had climbed 16 percent since its March low and yesterday closed at its highest since Dec. 2 .
Justice John Paul Stevens compared the interrogation to " an attempt to obtain an involuntary confession from a prisoner by torturous methods . "
He 's not related to Malvo , but the two have referred to each other as father and son .
Simon Property 's shares rose 42 cents to $ 39.45 at the close of New York Stock Exchange trading Tuesday .
Prairie dogs are believed to have become infected in a pet shop through a Gambian rat imported from Africa .
Guidant officials said Monday that Menlo Park , Calif.-based Endovascular would continue to ship the device and provide support to patients until October .
Netgear prices the WGT634U Super Wireless Media Router , which will be available in the first quarter of 2004 , at under $ 200 .
Australia was flat , Singapore was down 0.3 percent by midday and South Korea added 0.2 percent .
Spansion Flash memory solutions are available worldwide from AMD and Fujitsu .
But the United States ' ultimate goal was not just to topple Mr. Hussein but to stabilize the country and install a friendly government .
The interview Thursday came a day after Britain 's Daily Mirror reported Sahhaf had been taken into custody .
Unemployment , at 6 percent , matched the highest since August 1994 .
Griffith , 77 , grew up in Mount Airy and now lives in Manteo .
This is one of the most important solutions for portable gaming , " said Satoru Okada , general manager of Nintendo 's research and engineering department .
Small-business customers paying between $ 1,200 and $ 3,200 a year would save between $ 60 and $ 120 per year , the commission estimated .
The Toronto Stock Exchange said it will be business as usual on Friday morning .
The grant also funds beach testing in King George County , Norfolk and Virginia Beach .
How would the extra premiums be collected ?
Before the war began in March , Iraq pumped about 2.1 million barrels a day .
The Episcopal Diocese of Central Florida voted Saturday to repudiate a decision by the denomination 's national convention to confirm a gay man as bishop .
Larger publishers such as Simon & Schuster and Random House decided not to pursue the books group , sources familiar with the situation said .
The defense said the woman testified under an immunity deal protecting her from punishment for lying and other violations of the academy 's honor code .
And the swagger of a president saying `bring `em on ' will never bring peace , " Kerry said .
A Florida grand jury indicted 19 people for contaminating and diluting prescription drugs desperately needed by AIDS and cancer patients in a multimillion-dollar scheme , prosecutors said Monday .
The Saint Sophia Camp hosts religious retreats for children during the summer months as well as other events year round , according to its Web site .
Forest , the Freedom Organisation for the Right to Enjoy Smoking Tobacco , said it had greeted The Lancet 's call with " amusement and disbelief ' " .
The benchmark 10-year note US10YT = RR lost 11 / 32 in price , taking its yield to 3.21 percent from 3.17 percent late on Monday .
" It also indicates the terrorists really don 't care who they attack . "
Voters in Cleveland Heights , Ohio , were asked to decide whether to allow same-sex couples - and also unmarried heterosexual couples - to officially register as domestic partners .
If Fortigel had been approved , Cellegy would have reached profitability by the second half of 2004 , said Richard Juelis , chief financial officer .
When such acceleration occurs , the drive 's read / write head gets temporarily parked until the system is stabilised .
Bulger 's brother , a former FBI informant , is now on the law enforcement agency 's " 10 Most Wanted " list .
" The Domino application server will be around for the next decade , " he said .
" The petitioners are entitled to respect for their private lives . "
Bashir also felt he was being tried by opinion rather than facts of law , he added .
Mr. Swan 's group supported the governor 's Democratic opponent , Bill Curry , in the 2002 election .
She continued : " Our research neither suggests nor indicates that PCO / PCOS causes lesbianism , only that PCO / PCOS is more prevalent in lesbian women .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC declined 16.68 points , or 1.01 percent , at 1,636.94 .
Sen. Richard Shelby , a Republican from Alabama , chairman of the Senate Banking Committee , wasn 't rushing to endorse the legislation , said committee spokesman Andrew Gray .
" Maybe , but the old age helps us to understand our strength and our weakness and the reality of the world .
" Our prognosis for a continued and steady recovery is being realized and the outlook remains bright , " said Greg Stuart , president and CEO of the IAB .
The dead cavalrymen are honored with a hilltop granite obelisk and white headstones .
At the Casa de Espaa , customers were eating dinner and playing bingo when a bomb went off .
" Due to economic and creative realities , many key people will not be returning , including Dylan , " Kelley said Monday .
But neither he nor Peace Rules could keep Funny Cide from drawing away .
E Ink is one of several groups trying to develop electronic " paper " for e-newspapers and e-books , and other uses - even clothing with computer screens sewn into it .
McGill also said a dark glove was stuffed into a hole that had been cut in the Caprice 's trunk .
About 150 local governments , including those of Carrboro , Alaska , Hawaii and Vermont , have approved similar resolutions .
On Tuesday , Blair suggested that only " evidence of weapons programs " rather than the weapons themselves would be uncovered .
" But for a meaningful dialogue to begin , cross-border terrorism should end and its infrastructure should be dismantled . "
The house shooting expands the investigation area east by three kilometres , with the police now examining an 11-kilometre section of the freeway .
Its safe to assume the Senate is prepared to pass some form of a cap .... The level of it is to be debated .
Dynes has been at UC San Diego since 1991 after spending 22 years with AT & T Bell Labs , where he worked on superconductors and other materials .
They said the company knowingly underestimated to the FDA the number of safety complaints involving the device .
Hampton Township is located a few kilometers northeast of Bay City , near Michigan 's Thumb .
The court case does not involve another rule that that allows cell customers to keep their phone numbers when they switch wireless companies .
Advances in AIDS treatments in recent years , some experts say , may be undermining efforts to promote safer-sex practices .
Heatley underwent surgery Saturday for a broken jaw and an MRI found two torn ligaments in his right knee .
Defense lawyers asked the High Court to dismiss the charges , saying the state has failed to present a solid case .
Symptoms include a stiff neck , fever , headache and sensitivity to light .
U.S. District Judge Florence-Marie Cooper is to consider the motions Thursday .
The GameCube , a major disappointment in the last fiscal year , trails both Sony 's PlayStation 2 and Microsoft ' Xbox .
Two fires inside the park and one just outside the park were contained Wednesday afternoon .
But Merrill Lynch analyst Steven Milunovich said the " somewhat ambiguous ruling " by regulators might be a setback for Static Control depending on how it developed its competing product .
The Hulk trailed last month 's Marvel Comics adaptation , X2 : X-Men United , which grossed $ 85.6-million in its opening weekend .
In a series of raids , Moroccan police arrested 33 suspects Saturday , including some linked to the radical Djihad Salafist group , a senior government official said .
Calvin Hollins Jr . ' s attorney , Thomas Royce , repeatedly has said his client had no link with the company that owned and operated E2 .
Klarman was arrested by FBI agents Monday morning at his home in New York .
Stock futures were trading lower early on Thursday , below fair value , pointing to a lower open .
Hines died yesterday in Los Angeles of cancer , publicist Allen Eichorn said .
One man had brandished an English-Turkish dictionary and pointed to the word " refugee " .
" I ´ m very proud of the citizens of this state , " Gov. John Baldacci said after votes from Tuesday ´ s referendum were counted .
The original agreement , signed in August 2001 and now extended through 2006 , has enabled both companies to successfully deliver high-availability and high-performance end-to-end data center solutions .
She hadn 't believed he would jeopardize their marriage and family .
Since Hulett dramatically expanded its shipments to the US in 2000 , it has captured a significant share of the US market .
South Africa 's James Kingston is also on five under after blitzing six birdies on his back nine .
" He hasn 't got much choice , " said the Bishop of Armidale , Peter Brain .
The tech-laden Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC shed 8 points , or 0.45 percent , to 1,645 .
Loan losses , investment writedowns and legal costs led to the loss last year , the largest ever for a European bank .
He added : " There is no doubt about the chemical programme , the biological programme and indeed the nuclear weapons programme .
Chera Larkins , 32 , of Manhattan , charged with perjury and filing a false instrument in three marriage applications .
Baker called a pregame meeting , believing the the corked-bat episode had distracted the team .
Agriculture Secretary Luis Lorenzo said there was no damage to the vital rice crop as the harvest had ended .
The conference was sponsored by the U.S. Department of Agriculture to discuss ways to end world hunger and poverty .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index < .SPX > was up 9.05 points , or 0.94 percent , at 972.64 .
But Itar-Tass news agency said four of his bodyguards were among those killed by the bomb .
In his new position , Dynes will earn $ 395,000 , a significant increase over Atkinson 's salary of $ 361,400 .
" If you pass this bill , " Rep. John Mabry Jr . , D-Waco , told colleagues , " Big Brother will be watching you . "
And Robert B. Willumstad , 57 , who is currently president of Citigroup , was named chief operating officer .
Over one two-month period , Newsweek said Bennett wired more than $ 1.4 million to one casino to cover losses .
The body had blond hair with dark roots , and was roughly the same height and build as the 5-foot-4 Ms. Aronov , the officials said .
The bodies of 18 illegal Mexican immigrants who died from suffocation and heat exhaustion were discovered on Wednesday in a packed tractor trailer abandoned at a rest stop .
The prime minister is poised to take over the rotating presidency of the European Union on July 1 .
The hearing came one day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer - Dallager - for failing to address the scandal .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC lost 2 points , or 0.18 percent , to 1,649 .
The British Foreign Office said it had mediated the two men 's release .
Of the 24 directors who are not exchange executives , half are representatives of the securities industry and half are designated public members .
In seeking leniency , Waksal apologized to the court , his employees and his family .
The U.S. Supreme Court will hear arguments on Wednesday on whether companies can be sued under the Americans with Disabilities Act for refusing to rehire rehabilitated drug users .
U.S. Capitol Police evacuated the Capitol yesterday after a sensor detected a possible biohazard in the Senate wing , but authorities later said it was a false alarm .
An ad agency employee gave the copy to a friend , who passed the movie to Gonzalez , prosecutors said .
Senator John D. Rockefeller IV , Democrat of West Virginia , said that provision of the Senate bill undermined a basic tenet of Medicare .
But the deal must get approval from the Federal Communications Commission and the Justice Department 's antitrust division .
Merck plans to spin off all the shares of Medco to company shareholders in the third quarter .
NBC will probably end the season as the second most-popular network behind CBS , which is first among the key 18-to-49-year-old demographic .
World No.2 Lleyton Hewitt has accused his professional peers of long-standing malice , including an attempt last year to dupe him into refusing a drug test .
He explained that he found antetonitrus when he came to Wits in 2001 while a post-doctoral research assistant at Bristol University in Britain .
At least five class-action lawsuits have been filed on behalf of hormone users .
" We are very pleased with the judge 's decision , " Merrill said yesterday .
Elwin Hermanson and the Sask . Party would put the future of our Crown corporations - and our economy - at risk . "
Bruce N. Hawthorne , 53 , was named executive vice president and chief staff officer .
He and Zilkha believed that only a new board would have had the credibility to restore El Paso to health .
" I have the opportunity to congratulate the governor-elect of the great state of California , and I 'm looking forward to it . "
" I feel like the weight of the world has been lifted from my shoulders , " Ms. McCorvey said at a downtown Dallas news conference .
Trouble flared when at least four North Korean reporters rushed from the Taegu media centre to confront a dozen activists protesting against human rights abuses in the North .
Weather forecasters are warning of heavy rainfall that could wash out part of the holiday weekend .
But at the age of 15 , she weighed a whopping 117kg and came to a difficult decision : it was time to try surgery .
Fayette City Councilman Cedric Wilson identified the dead as Cpl. James Crump , Officer Arnold Strickland and dispatcher Ace Mealer .
Missouri Education Commissioner Kent King said he was disappointed by the scores .
Investigators uncovered a 4-inch bone fragment Thursday night , but authorities said it was from an animal .
Last year , he ran a successful proposition campaign to secure state funding for after-school programs .
" Greater Manchester Police , with the support of German authorities and the Federal Bureau of Investigation have now arrested Toby Studabaker in Frankfurt , Germany , " a police spokeswoman said .
Trish York , a spokeswoman for Boeing , declined to comment on the deal .
A Qwest spokeswoman , Kate Varden , declined to say how much in sales the company received from the United States government .
Pingeon said an attorney for his organization , Massachusetts Correctional Legal Services , interviewed Assan Tuesday .
People who once thought their blood pressure was fine actually need to start exercising and eating better , according to new U.S. guidelines published on Wednesday .
Bush said U.S. and European Union leaders , at an annual Washington summit , agreed on the need to keep Iran from developing nuclear weapons .
Cadbury Schweppes has unveiled plans to slash 5,500 jobs and 20 percent of its factories over four years to cut costs brought about by an acquisition spree .
When Ragin 's address was raided , authorities found more than 1,000 credit cards and duplicating machines .
It 's a cluster of 44 IBM servers with a peak speed of 7.3 trillion calculations per second .
Mr Djerejian said that in the past month Syria had taken some steps in response to the pressure , such as moving the militant group offices out of Damascus .
" We believe KBR delivered fuel to Iraq at the best value , the best price and the best terms , " Halliburton spokeswoman Wendy Hall said .
Even though she defeated Williams on May 17 in the semifinals at Rome , Mauresmo cannot be favored in this match .
Energy prices dropped by 8.6 percent , the biggest decline since July 1986 .
" That 's one of the nicer rounds I 've ever played , and the best chance I 've ever had for a 59 .
Lara was unbeaten on 93 when the torrential rain stopped play with Marlon Samuels on five .
But Staff Sgt. Georg-Andreas Pogany 's military career remains in limbo .
" We 'll decide how to keep the proper incentives there for countries to sign and for countries that have signed to ratify , " the official said .
With the Expose ( ex-poh-SAY ) feature , all the open windows on the desktop immediately shrink to fit on the screen but are still clear enough to identify .
Intelligence officials told key senators a week ago to expect a terrorist attack in Saudi Arabia , Sen. Pat Roberts ( R-Kan . ) said yesterday .
Historians believe that the 157-foot warship was carrying 9 tons of gold coins to buy the loyalty of the Duke of Savoy , a potential ally in southeastern France .
Meanwhile , volunteers at Pacific Lutheran University near Tacoma , about 40 miles to the south , simulated a second , simultaneous attack .
However , to verify Iran 's claims about its controversial uranium-enrichment program , the IAEA says it must inspect facilities that are not officially declared as nuclear sites .
Volume came to 439.66 million shares , below 450.39 million at the same point Wednesday .
So far , authorities also have searched areas in Pennsylvania , Ohio , Indiana , and Michigan .
Feldman presented the most recent findings and the new map Friday at the sixth International Conference on Mars in Pasadena , Calif .
There were 293 human cases of West Nile in Indiana in 2002 , including 11 deaths statewide .
As many as 30 people were believed to be trapped inside initially , the state police said .
The company estimated second-quarter revenue of $ 1.2 billion to $ 1.23 billion , up 14 percent to 16 percent from a year earlier .
" However , we are not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment . "
In 1993 , villagers presented the Methodist Church of Fiji with Baker 's boots — which cannibals tried unsuccessfully to cook and eat .
In the memo , Ballmer reiterated the open-source threat to Microsoft .
" Until this site was reported , the earliest site in the Bering land bridge area was dated at about 11,000 years ago . "
His sport utility vehicle was found June 25 , abandoned without its license plates in Virginia Beach , Va .
In Dallas , no official ceremony marked the anniversary .
" It is very difficult to do large syndicated loans in Japan , " says one banker .
This is an increase from the $ 22.5 million and 5 cents a share previously forecast .
For example , Anhalt said , children typically treat a 20-ounce soda bottle as one serving , although it actually contains 2 ½ 8-ounce servings .
A neighbor said a woman 's body was dug up in a duffel bag , and the other was encased in concrete .
" If you have more turnovers or you 're in the bottom of the league in turnovers , your chances aren 't very good .
Nextel Partners Inc . ( nasdaq : NXTP - news - people ) , which provides wireless phone service , fell 45 cents , or 7.5 percent , to $ 5.55 .
Air Commodore John Quaife said the security operation was unprecedented .
" There 's very strong interest in getting money back to the ratepayers as quickly as possible , " Commissioner Susan Kennedy said .
" She should be ashamed of herself for playing politics with this important issue , " said state budget division spokesman Andrew Rush .
Wi-Fi will continue to grow : The number of public Wi-Fi hot spots will grow from the current 50,000 , to 85,000 by the end of the year , IDC said .
The 2 1 / 2-ton probe will plunge into the thick Jovian atmosphere today at 1 : 49 p.m. MDT , disintegrating moments later from the friction generated by its 108,000 mph free-fall .
Halliburton shares fell 54 cents , or 2.4 percent , to $ 21.76 a share in midday New York Stock Exchange trade .
" There 's a Jeep in my parents ' yard right now that 's not theirs , " she said .
In recent years , Mr. Hampton continued to run into trouble , facing charges of fare-beating and credit-card theft .
US Airways Flight 5481 , which crashed Jan. 8 , was judged to be within 100 pounds of its maximum takeoff weight .
The Jacksons each were charged with four counts of aggravated assault and 14 counts of child endangerment .
The statement concluded , " This ruling is so wrong that we are extremely confident that it will not withstand our appeal " to the 6th U.S. Circuit Court .
The public hearing is the second for the panel created by Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld under pressure from Congress .
Authorities interviewed O 'Dell in Pennsylvania over the weekend after identifying her through records at Customer Storage Rentals .
Her first heart tumor was removed in 1997 in the upper part of her heart , but it returned in 1999 , 2001 , and again this year .
Florida 's Speaker of the House Johnnie Byrd , is expected to introduce ' ' Terri 's Bill ' ' during a one-day special session of the state legislature being held today in Tallahassee .
Former model Lady McCartney lost a leg in a road accident in 1993 and is understood to have steel plates fitted in her hips which would make natural childbirth difficult .
Mr. Bush did not discuss this when he issued a brief statement yesterday thanking the commission for its work , and saying , " Our journey into space will go on . "
In the first hour of trading , the Dow Jones industrial average was down 27.02 , or 0.3 percent , 9,321.84 , having lost 74.81 on Friday .
Their findings were published today in Science .
BA said the second quarter , which included unofficial industrial action at Heathrow , had been difficult .
Organizers established a Web site , http : / / defacerschallenge.com , listing in broken English the rules for hackers who might participate .
" We were seconds away from having that happen , " Albuquerque Fire Chief Robert Ortega said .
Another Scottsville man , Lucas Goodrum , 21 , had been arrested early Sunday .
Rambus Inc . ( nasdaq : RMBS - news - people ) shot up 38 percent , making it the biggest percentage gainer on the Nasdaq .
Cisco executives were encouraged by $ 1.3 billion in cash flow and the increase in net income , but said they remained ``cautiously optimistic ' ' about a rebound .
State air regulators and three automakers have agreed to settle a lawsuit challenging the nation 's toughest auto emissions program , according to a spokesman for California 's air board .
For the 12-month period ending June 30 , high-speed lines installed in homes and businesses increased by 45 percent .
Shares of Schering-Plough closed down 4 cents at $ 16.76 in Thursday trade on the New York Stock Exchange .
The 51-year-old nurse worked at North York General Hospital , the epicentre of the latest outbreak .
She continued : " Our research neither suggests nor indicates that PCO / PCOS causes lesbianism , only that PCO / PCOS is more prevalent in lesbian women .
" Reloaded " is the second installment of a trilogy ; " The Matrix Revolutions " is slated for debut in November .
" There is nothing that Rob Furst did that was not vetted and approved by senior individuals at Merrill . "
South Africa 's Nobel laureate Archbishop Desmond Tutu says he does not understand all the fuss about appointing a gay bishop , but he has urged homosexual clergy to remain celibate .
The Agriculture Department already has issued a recall for beef slaughtered along with the infected cow Dec. 9 at a meat company in Moses Lake , Wash .
Federal officials said the document remained sealed until Thursday morning to allow authorities to make arrests in five Western states .
He and the other lawyers planned to stay until the river starts receding .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 stock index ended the quarter up 120 points , a gain of 14 percent , the best performance for that broad market benchmark since 1998 .
There will be 9.3 million visitors to hot spots in 2003 , up from 2.5 million in 2002 , Gartner said .
Ms Grinspun 's concerns came after two emergency room nurses tried to warn doctors at the hospital in mid-May that five family members had SARS-like symptoms .
Coke 's unit case volume , a key measure of financial health in the beverage sector , grew 5 percent in the quarter .
Academic achievement -- including grades , test scores and high school curriculum -- are given the highest priority .
The daily Hurriyet said the raid aimed to foil a Turkish plot to kill an unnamed senior Iraqi Kurdish official in Kirkuk , but Gul has denied any Turkish plot .
" But at no stage did ONA receive intelligence material indicating that Jemaah Islamiyah was planning to mount an operation in Bali . "
Oracle chairman Larry Ellison has hinted that the company could yet again increase its offer for rival PeopleSoft .
McDonald 's shares rose $ 1.83 to close Friday at $ 23.89 on the New York Stock Exchange .
Troubled Devil Rays prospect Josh Hamilton 's promising future is in doubt after the Devil Rays announced Monday night that he will miss the season because of unspecified personal problems .
That 's when officers threw him to the ground and handcuffed him , according to testimony .
The Sunnyvale , Calif . , chipmaker announced its plans Tuesday at the Embedded Systems Conference in Boston .
Edie Falco was not nominated for " Frankie and Johnny . "
PG & E Corp. shares jumped $ 1.63 or 8 percent to $ 21.03 on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday .
Taha 's husband , former oil minister Amer Mohammed Rashid , surrendered to U.S. forces on April 28 .
France Telecom shares dropped 3.6 percent while Orange surged 13 percent .
All four are expected to appear in court Tuesday or Wednesday , he said .
The £ 5m gives BA a considerable return on the £ 5 they originally paid for Concorde .
In a telephone interview , Don Asper called the attack " bothersome , " before he and his wife contacted the firm 's web site provider to have the vandalised page replaced .
It said sales of film in China during April and May were about half the amount sold in the year-ago period .
Vivendi shares were 0.3 percent up at 15.62 euros in Paris at 0841 GMT .
The virus spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain familiar headings like " Thank You ! " and " Re : Details " .
A spokeswoman at Strong Memorial Hospital said Doud was in satisfactory condition Tuesday night .
Bishop O 'Brien , aged 67 , had told police he thought he had hit a dog or cat .
Several shots rang out Wednesday night , but no gators were killed then .
A Caesarean had originally been planned in mid- November , two weeks early .
The euro was around 126.50 yen compared to its late Tuesday U.S. level of 126.35 yen but down sharply from around 127.30 yen in early Asian trade on Tuesday .
Circuit Judge Steven Ohmer ruled Friday that the law needed a further review by the state Supreme Court and would have caused irreparable harm had it taken effect Saturday .
It would be most serious warning since the 15-nation bloc has sent Iran since they began negotiating a trade and cooperation agreement late last year .
" We are electing a president of the United States , not a staff , " Kerry said .
Macromedia is piloting this product activation system in Contribute to test whether to roll it out to other products .
The helicopter was owned by Las Vegas-based Sundance Helicopters Inc . , according to the sheriff 's office .
This year there have been 4,416 confirmed cases of West Nile virus nationwide with 20 in Missouri , according to the Centers for Disease Control .
The star , who plays schoolgirl Nina Tucker in Neighbours , went to a specialist on June 30 feeling tired and unwell .
Sutherland is the 65-year-old computing pioneer who co-founded Evans & Sutherland , which made high-performance graphics computers .
Iraq 's nuclear program had been dismantled , and there " was no convincing evidence of its reconstitution . "
The transaction will grant Handspring stockholders 0.09 of a share of Palm--and no shares of PalmSource--for each share of Handspring common stock .
Domestic sales at both GM and No. 2 Ford Motor Co. declined more than predicted as a late summer sales frenzy prompted a larger-than-expected industry backlash .
Baz Luhrmann admitted it was a risk , and now the Australian director 's Broadway version of La Boheme will close on June 29 after a disappointing seven-month run .
The charges of espionage and aiding the enemy can carry the death penalty .
He was arrested last week for allegedly punching a parking attendant outside a nightclub in LA .
The MDC called the week-long protest to urge Mugabe either to resign or to negotiate a settlement of the crisis gripping the country .
On Monday , EchoStar ( DISH : news , chart , profile ) shares shrank $ 1.40 , or 4.4 percent , to $ 30.63 .
The bishop told police he thought he had struck a dog or a cat or that someone had thrown a rock at his vehicle .
Thousands of revellers , celebrating the decision , vowed to push for more legal rights , including same-sex marriages .
An investment group led by former Seagram Inc. boss Edgar Bronfman Jr. is still in the running to buy the U.S. entertainment assets of Vivendi Universal SA .
The department ordered Hanover Insurance to cut its rates by 31 percent .
Intel on Wednesday unveiled its next-generation processor for cell phones , PDAs , and other wireless devices .
The broad Standard & Poor 's 500 Index < .SPX > fell 0.70 points , or 0.07 percent , to 1,069.42 .
Air Commodore Dave Pietsche said RAAF controllers had positioned a fully armed F / A-18 Hornet fighter to prepare to intercept the aircraft .
Microsoft posted sales of $ 8.1 billion , up from $ 7.3 billion a year ago and ahead of analysts ' estimates of $ 7.9 billion .
Negotiators said Friday they made progress during their latest round of free-trade negotiations between the United States and five Central American countries this week in Houston .
In the second quarter , consumer advertisers continued to spend the most online , slightly increasing their share .
Operating income rose 26 percent to $ 570 million from $ 452 million in the same period a year ago .
Navistar shares rose a penny to $ 41.64 at late afternoon on the New York Stock Exchange after earlier falling as low as $ 39.93 .
" The euro at the moment is at a level that better reflects the fundamentals , " the ECB president said .
About 200 people were rescued by fishing boats or managed to reach shore , police and officials said .
Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices John Paul Stevens , Sandra Day OConnor , Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen Breyer agreed with Souter .
Nvidia will take advantage of MediaQ customers , which include such players as Siemens AG , Sharp , Philips , Dell , Mitsubishi and Sony Corp.
Chief Executive Mickey Robinson was fired for cause in September , the company said last month .
The University of Michigan plans to release a new undergraduate admissions policy Thursday after its acceptance requirements were rejected by the U.S. Supreme Court in June .
The network will drop one edition of " Dateline , " its newsmagazine franchise .
She appeared in federal court Wednesday , but did not enter a plea .
That 's about to change , now that the government is requiring food labels to reveal exact levels of the artery clogger .
A Global Crossing representative had no immediate comment .
At the company-sponsored TechEd conference in Dallas , Microsoft executives will announce that two key products will enter customer testing this U.S. summer .
The judge in U.S. District Court in Manhattan said the plaintiffs had failed " to draw an adequate casual connection between the consumption of McDonald 's food and their alleged injuries . "
Without reform , " the scene is set for another accident " , the report warned .
" From Justin to Kelly , " a romance starring " American Idol " winner Kelly Clarkson and runner-up Justin Guarini , bombed with just $ 2.9 million , opening at No. 11 .
Chi-Chi 's has agreed to keep the restaurant closed until Jan. 2 -- two months after it voluntarily closed when the disease was first reported .
Bryant 's hearing date falls two days after the Lakers open the preseason with two games in Hawaii .
The McLean , Virginia-based company said newspaper revenue increased 5 percent to $ 1.46 billion .
Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Tuesday it will take time to locate die-hard remnants of Saddam Hussein 's deposed regime in Iraq .
Team President Ken Sawyer said yesterday that Lemieux has not spoken to him about selling his interest in the Penguins or about playing for another team .
General Moseley and a senior aide presented their assessments at an internal briefing for American and allied military officers at Nellis Air Force Base in Nevada on Thursday .
PeopleSoft is equipped with an anti-takeover defence , known as a " poison pill , " designed to thwart undesired suitors .
Yesterday , Mr. Cuomo 's lawyer , Harriet Newman Cohen , read a statement over the phone : " Mr. Cuomo was betrayed and saddened by his wife 's conduct during their marriage .
The highest-paid private-college president in Washington is University of Puget Sound President Susan Resneck Pierce at $ 314,160 , the Chronicle said .
State Democratic Chairman Herman Farrell , who is also chairman of the Assembly 's Ways and Means Committee , supports the Legislature 's budget plan .
It will appear in the next few weeks on the Web site of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
He said that dogs are second only to humans in terms of being the subject of medical research .
In fact , Fatima Haque 's prom had practically everything one might expect on one of the most important nights of a teenage girl 's year .
Arnold Schwarzenegger and former Los Angeles Mayor Richard Riordan may jump in by the Aug. 9 deadline to file .
" To have people say that we did this for the money is foolish and dead wrong , " Raymond Jackson said through the pastor .
Jackson 's visit followed a relatively peaceful night Thursday in Benton Harbor , about 100 miles northeast of Chicago .
Prices for Treasury securities also rose , with the yield on the benchmark 10-year note falling to 4.19 percent .
The system is priced from US $ 1.1 million to $ 22.4 million , depending on configuration .
On Tuesday , the S & P 500 rose to its highest since early December .
The euro has slipped as much as four cents since matching a record peak near $ 1.1935 last week and hitting a record high of 140.90 yen in late May .
Microsoft on Thursday agreed to pay AOL Time Warner $ 750 million to settle AOL Time Warner 's private monopoly lawsuit against Microsoft .
Intel Corp. , the world 's biggest semiconductor maker , narrowed its second-quarter sales forecast as demand for microprocessors is reaching the high end of the company 's expectations .
Analysts had been expecting a net loss of 54 cents a share , according to Thomson First Call .
The product also streams Internet radio and comes with a 30-day free trial for RealNetworks ' Rhapsody digital music subscription service .
In a show of corporate solidarity , Kroger Co . , which owns Ralphs , and Albertson Inc. locked out their workers the next morning .
CELF 's founding members are Hitachi , Matsushita , NEC , Philips , Samsung , Sharp , Sony , and Toshiba .
" I had no direct interest , and Craxi begged me to intervene because he believed that the operation damaged the state , " Mr. Berlusconi said .
Druce last night was held in isolation at the same prison .
She insisted , though , that it not be published until after her death .
Earlier , Captain Robert Ramsey of the First Armoured Division said a truck had exploded outside the buildings at around 11am .
A court in southern China yesterday jailed two people for life for organising a three-day sexual romp with hundreds of prostitutes by visiting employees of a Japanese company .
The World Health Organization -- which is participating in the initiative along with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and Purdue University -- has declared TB a global emergency .
Walker said he expects that the president ’ s budget will include a request for 3 to 5 percent budget increases for NASA for each of the next five years .
After Hedges ' microphone was unplugged for a second time , Pribbenow told him to wrap up his speech .
The teen was in surgery at Sacred Heart Medical Center , and the extent of his injuries was not available , Bragdon said .
" Martha Stewart is being prosecuted not because of who she is but because of what she did , " he said .
Duque will return with Lu and Russia 's Yuri Malenchenko when they leave the station next week .
They ordered state troopers to close the roads leading to her home after her motorcade passed , to prevent camera crews from pursuing her .
The MSN Messenger 6 software will be available from 11 a.m. PST on Wednesday , according to Microsoft .
Stout comes to Sprint from GE Capital , where he served as chief technology and information officer .
The US National Hurricane Center said the hurricane was heading toward the Texas coast and could strengthen before it hits land later in the day .
AT & T has 30 days to respond to the charges before the F.C.C. issues a final order .
A leading U.K. medical journal called Friday for a complete ban on tobacco , prompting outrage from smokers ' groups .
The revised draft removed a reference to a 1999 study showing global temperatures had risen sharply in the past decade compared to the previous 1,000 years .
Police used pepper spray and rubber bullets to disperse a downtown march and rally last night by activists protesting an annual police intelligence-training seminar .
The United States ``will not stand by and wait for another attack , or trust in the restraint and good intentions of evil men , ' ' he declared .
The director of the Office of Medical Access , Cindy Cripps-Prawak , left her job after the department introduced a plan to distribute marijuana through doctors ' offices .
The security hole was detected into the section of RPC that deals with message exchange over TCP / IP , Microsoft explained .
It has ordered motorists to stay off the streets and petrol stations to shut down during the strike .
The talks were the first meeting between US and North Korean negotiators since this April .
Intel spokesman Daniel Francisco said the company " is looking into the problem " identified by Nortel , but he declined to provide any details .
A no-go from Schwarzenegger would clear the track for another Republican , former Los Angeles mayor Richard Riordan .
The central bank 's policy board left rates steady for now , as widely expected , but surprised the market by declaring that overall risks were weighted toward weakness .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index < .SPX > gained 5.51 points , or 0.56 percent , to 981.73 .
" We hope it 's symbolic , " said Michael Hill , a Sun reporter and member of the guild 's bargaining committee .
The plan would cost the state $ 170 million per year over the next 30 years .
Sweeney was to outline plans for the campaign in a speech on Saturday night at the annual meeting of the American Political Science Association .
Looking ahead the company confirmed its forecast of 10 per cent internal sales growth in 2003 and 2004 .
The company 's chief executive retired and chief financial officer resigned .
The Connecticut Hospital Association joined the Red Cross Monday in calling for more blood donors .
From the top of the embankment , Moriarty thought , " He 'll be swept over any minute or just die of the cold . "
Six Democrats and two Republicans are running for her seat and have qualified for the Feb. 3 primary ballot .
If Rosie lost more than $ 4.2 million in a fiscal year , O 'Donnell - by contract - would have been permitted to quit .
We think this planet formed with its star 12.713 billion years ago , when the [ Milky Way ] galaxy was . . . just in the process of forming .
Last year , Thompson ruled that the monument was an unconstitutional endorsement of religion by the state .
Mr McDonnell wants to establish if the Italian business followed Grant Thornton 's audit procedures .
We feel so strongly about this issue that we are suspending sales and distribution of SCO Linux until these issues are resolved . "
On Tuesday , a Florida appeals court again refused to block removal of the tube .
Prime Minister Tony Blair , speaking at his monthly news conference , repeated his warning that Britons were under threat and urged vigilance .
Kim Clijsters also reached the French Open final on Thursday benefiting from a little luck to erase a set point and beat unseeded Nadia Petrova 7-5 , 6-1 .
He said the consequences of the rapes had been " catastrophic " for the women involved and for the many mixed-race children they bore , who have been shunned in their communities .
On Monday , China said nine more people had died from SARS and that 160 more were infected with the virus .
Spinal Concepts makes spinal fixation products used during spinal fusion surgery .
The broad Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX gained 11.22 points , or 1.13 percent , at 1,007.19 .
King County Superior Court Judge Charles Mertel will then recess the trial until Monday .
And of those , 55 percent , or 149 , claimed to treat , prevent , diagnose or cure specific diseases -- despite the regulations prohibiting that kind of statement .
The tour will stop in 103 cities before rallying in Washington on Oct. 1 and 2 , and New York on Oct. 3 and 4 .
BlueCore3-Multimedia contains an open platform DSP co-processor and also includes a 16-bit stereo audio codec with dual ADC and DAC for stereo audio .
The governor said budget cuts in mental health care would cut services to 5,800 developmentally disabled Missourians .
It was crashed by patients ' rights advocates who squeezed into camera range , protesting the FMA 's acceptance of major financial support from First Professionals Insurance .
It will delay the retirement of Mr Wightwick , 62 , who agreed to stay on until Buhrmann is bedded down inside PaperlinX .
Hovan " did not wake up that day " intending to hurt anyone , defense attorney John Speranza said .
An attorney for plaintiff schoolchildren said he plans to appeal .
Family and friends of the west Belfast man insist he was in the West Bank on a " cultural visit " .
The shares had risen about 16 percent in the past year .
As of today , forecasts show a weak cold front bringing thunderstorms into South Texas on Sunday at the same time a tropical wave moves in from the Yucatan .
It 's manageable , and the integration is exceeding " almost every expectation we set for ourselves . "
" I came to Washington basically to establish relationships and make sure we are getting more federal money , " Schwarzenegger said after one meeting .
Another is investor disenchantment with U.S. investments , leading them to pull out of U.S. assets--selling dollars as they do so , and driving its exchange rate down .
The rebels are also calling for the deployment of a U.S.-led peacekeeping force .
Both studies are published on Thursday in Nature , the British weekly science journal .
It ain 't coming to me , but it 's only about a third of what I owe in the world .
Monday 's three-count indictment replaces a criminal complaint filed by prosecutors on April 23 .
A senior Whitehall official said recently : " It devalued the currency , there is no question about that . . . It was a monumental cock-up . "
While federal prosecutors refuse to discuss the investigation , lawyers and others familiar with it say it remains focused on Campbell .
The broad Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX shed 0.17 of a point , or just 0.02 percent , to 934 .
" We believe that recent trading prices of MGM 's common stock do not reflect MGM 's full value and that the stock represents an attractive investment , " Kerkorian said in a statement .
Micron 's numbers also marked the first quarterly profit in three years for the DRAM manufacturer .
Seifert , he testified , had a gunshot wound in the back .
It is essential that the proceedings against accused terrorists be fair -- and appear to be so to outside observers , Sonnett said .
A hundred House members are needed for a quorum .
The crates are full of hardback copies of " Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix . "
We have now proven that these foods have an almost identical effect on lowering cholesterol as the original cholesterol-reducing drugs .
She , in turn , occasionally told John that she was still sleeping with an ex-boyfriend , " Baywatch " hunk Michael Bergin .
Asked how his nation felt , he replied : " Australians are very upset and angry by what took place . . . upset because innocent people lost their lives . "
COMPACT discs could be history within five years after scientists made a fingertip-sized replacement .
The results are to be published in Wednesday 's issue of The Journal of the American Medical Association .
After retiring , he was appointed assistant secretary of energy for defense programs by then-President Ronald Reagan in 1985 .
" I 'm absolutely confident we 're going to have a bill , " Frist , R-Tenn . , said Thursday .
But there is no mention of the economic recovery or the creation of wealth during his administration .
Corixa 's stock barely flinched on the news , dipping 12 cents to close at $ 6.88 .
The powerful CGT and other unions remained opposed to the plans , however , and demanded the government renegotiate the reform with them .
According to law enforcement officials , the individual decrypted passwords on the server .
Police said on Monday they believed Cruz knew of the fourth-grade girl through one of her former schoolmates , although neither the girl nor her family knew him .
" Spending taxpayer dollars to create terrorism betting parlors is as wasteful as it is repugnant , " Wyden and Dorgan said Monday in a letter to the Pentagon .
One of the significant highs Beijing chalked up before APEC was Chinas first space mission on Oct 15 .
" This is a good day for America 's farmers , " said Sen. Charles Grassley , R-Iowa , in reaction to the administration announcement .
But the inadequate performance of students in various subgroups , such as race , pushed the state onto the needs-improvement list under the federal No Child Left Behind Act .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average [ $ INDU ] ended at session highs , gaining 64.64 points , or 0.7 percent , to 9,191.09 .
Earnings were 59 cents a share for the three months ended May 25 compared with 15 cents a share a year earlier .
Some current and former ferry employees have said those rules were often ignored .
Lay had refused to turn over the papers , asserting his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination .
Home Depot reported a 22 percent jump in third-quarter profit behind a nearly 8 percent rise in same-store sales .
The academy will get its own internal report next week and it will be made public , Rosa said .
This is what Limbaugh actually said about McNabb : " I don 't think he 's been that good from the get-go .
New York Supreme Court Justice Ira Gammerman said in his statement that the lawsuit was " ill-conceived . "
On Monday , it also announced the resignation of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Phil Condit .
The privately held Google is believed to be profitable .
Treasury prices slouched lower on Friday as conflicting messages on the prospects of an aggressive cut in U.S. interest rates left some investors nursing losses and a grudge .
Harry Potter 's latest wizard trick ?
South San Francisco , Calif . ' s Genentech , the world 's No. 2 biotech company , advanced 6.6 percent to $ 66.73 .
Pappas , the teacher , said he wouldn 't hesitate having Graham as a substitute .
US officials said downward " rotor wash " generated by the hovering helicopter stripped the flag from the tower .
Emile Laroza , 51 , contracted SARS while working as a nurse at North York General Hospital , the epicentre of the second SARS outbreak .
Kempthorne has ' ' shown a distinct contempt for environmental protection , ' ' said Mark Longabaugh , the league 's vice president for political affairs .
Both will compete in today 's third round , which is all oral examination .
She was taken to Charing Cross Hospital , where she remained critically ill last night .
The U.S. Supreme Court has previously ruled that students are not compelled to say the Pledge of Allegiance .
Investigators used a jackhammer and hand tools to conduct the search but halted it until an anthropologist arrived in the northwestern Indiana city from Indianapolis .
The Nasdaq composite index advanced 20.59 , or 1.3 percent , to 1,616.50 , after gaining 5.7 percent last week .
The boy 's mother , Patricia Cooper , started coming to the church about three months ago after she met one of its members at a doctor 's office , Hemphill said .
IBM shares closed up $ 1.75 , or 2.11 percent , at $ 84.50 on the New York Stock Exchange .
But in Jordan and in the Palestinian Authority , only 1 percent of the Muslim population say they have a favorable opinion of the United States .
The injured passenger at John Peter Smith died later in the morning ; his name has not been released , Jones said .
Investors reacted little , with GE shares edging 7 cents lower to end at $ 28.12 on the New York Stock Exchange .
UBS Warburg downgraded Altria , a Dow member , to " neutral " from " buy , " based on valuation .
The military said it had killed 16 rebels and captured nine in the campaign so far , with one soldier killed and six wounded .
Mr. Misfeldt agreed to surrender $ 346,807 in trading profits and $ 111,595 in interest .
Dennehy , who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the University of New Mexico Lobos for temper tantrums , became a born-again Christian in June 2002 .
Another person , a man from Fort Worth , Texas , also was missing .
To watch pay television , consumers would insert into the set a security card provided by their cable service .
" It seems clear the climate is changing , " he said when asked to explain flooding that has ravaged this part of southeast France two years in succession .
" Mr Gilbertson would have been entitled to those superannuation payments irrespective of the circumstances in which he left the company , " he said .
Search technology powerhouse Google has released a new beta of its popular toolbar for Internet Explorer , adding a pop-up blocker , a controversial Blogger feature , and form-filling functionality .
The number of Americans considered extremely obese , or at least 100 pounds overweight , has quadrupled since the 1980s to a startling 4 million , the research shows .
Lacy 's last column appeared in Friday 's edition of The Afro .
Two 15-year-olds were also killed by Israeli fire and 17 people were wounded , according to the witnesses .
WSE version 2 is available from Microsoft 's developer Web site .
But under cross-examination by O 'Donnell 's attorney , Lorna Schofield , Toepfer conceded she had ignored many of O 'Donnell 's suggestions and projects .
Conference Board economist Ken Goldstein said the improved reading " finally points to a recovery , almost a year and a half after the end of the recession .
John Vial , district manager for the Oregon Department of Transportation , estimated that 250 to 500 vehicles were stranded overnight after the Siskiyou Pass was closed Sunday night .
Meantime , the Direct Marketing Association said its members should not call the nearly 51 million numbers on the list .
In late morning trading , Coke shares were down 2 cents at $ 43.99 on the New York Stock Exchange .
At the hearing he pleaded not guilty to the burial service fraud and false statements charges .
In CNN 's latest move to rejuvenate ratings , the network has ousted Teya Ryan , general manager of U.S. programming .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 17.33 points , or 1.07 percent , to 1,640.13 .
Delta personnel at Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport were scrambling all day to find alternate flights -- even on other airlines , when necessary -- to move the inconvenienced passengers .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was up 7.42 points , or 0.45 percent , at 1,653.44 .
Winners will be announced in a June 8 ceremony broadcast on CBS from Radio City Music Hall .
" This case is wholly without merit , both factually and legally , " Judge Denny Chin scoffed .
" It 's a recognition that we were provided faulty information , " Senate Democratic Leader Tom Daschle of South Dakota told reporters .
Reach her at ( 248 ) 647-7221 or email lberman @ detnews.com.
He said yesterday that the film is " meant to inspire , not offend . "
The government did not identify the taikonauts -- a term coined from taikong , the Chinese word for space .
Five-year notes US5YT = RR added 2 / 32 to give a yield of 3.10 percent from 3.12 percent .
That comes as Alba is lifting its aluminium output by 307,000 tonnes a year and accelerating plans for another 307,000 tonnes-a-year increase .
" She loved them so much , " added Blossom Medley , who also looked after Johnson 's foster kids .
Gemstar shares moved higher on the news , closing up 2.6 percent at $ 5.49 on Nasdaq .
" These allegations are completely out of character of the Kobe Bryant we know , " Lakers general manager Mitch Kupchak said .
" KBR is left with no option for providing these services from Kuwait other than to continue obtaining them from Altanmia , " the document said .
But plans to expand Wagerup had been caught up in a heated debate about the existing pro-ject 's impact on the amenity of local residents .
Gonzales was found guilty of using excessive force by spraying Olvera with pepper spray .
The newly unsealed 32-count indictment alleges money laundering and conspiracy and " strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug-trafficking world , " Jiménez said .
Stewart waved to courtroom sketch artists seated in the jury box and took notes in a spiral-bound notebook during the hearing .
The player 's eyes were bloodshot and a blood-alcohol test produced a reading of 0.18 - well above Tennessee 's level of presumed intoxication of 0.10 , the report said .
Hickenlooper clobbered city Auditor Don Mares , 46 , in the Tuesday runoff .
" These are real crimes that disrupt the lives of real people , " Smith said .
Allegiant 's stock closed Wednesday at $ 23.40 , up 64 cents , in trading on the Nasdaq market .
The government says the changes are necessary if Israel is to compete successfully in the global marketplace and attract investment .
The Fed also said the risks to the economy were biased toward weakness .
The company has publicly identified Linux as one of its biggest competitive threats .
The survey also found that more executives feel that current economic conditions have improved , at 35 per cent compared to 15 per cent in the first quarter .
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone 's original application in December 2001 , saying the trial had been sloppily conducted .
He attributed some of the communication gap to doctors feeling pressed for time ; patients cited discomfort discussing financial issues .
In May 2002 , LCDs accounted for only 22 percent of monitor sales .
Ms O 'Hare , who has taken time out from studying history at New York University , will be in Australia throughout October in which is national breast cancer awareness week .
Democrats now hope to increase the value of awards proposed by Hatch and to create a mechanism to ensure the fund remains solvent .
Even then , UDDI will have to be improved to handle those features .
The Supreme Court justices agreed to hear an appeal involving a California atheist whose 9-year-old daughter , like most elementary school children , hears the Pledge of Allegiance recited daily .
News of the Hebron incident filtered out as Mr Sharon was facing the hardline central committee of his Likud Party in Jerusalem .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 24.44 points , or 1.39 percent , at 1,739.87 .
The same survey found the median household income rose by $ 51 , when accounting for inflation , to $ 43,057 .
If found guilty , he could be executed under anti-terror laws passed in the weeks after the bombings .
MTA spokeswoman Marisa Baldeo Sunday night declined to discuss the matter because of the pending litigation .
Character actor Hume Cronyn , 91 , died Sunday at his home in Connecticut .
Added Rep. Howard Berman , D-Calif . : " Some of us find that the collateral damage is greater than it needs to be in the conduct of this war . "
General Dynamics was sued when it changed its retirement benefits in 1997 .
Excluding patent litigation , RIM 's loss for the quarter was $ 700,000 , or 1 cent per share .
Some say the exotic animal trade is second only to the drug trade .
Rapper C-Murder has been convicted of second-degree murder , a crime that carries an automatic life sentence , in the shooting death of a 16-year-old inside a Jefferson Parish nightclub .
Also hurting was news General Motors GM.N was to issue $ 10 billion in debt , in part to plug a hole in its pension plan .
" To be wedged between these two monsters and hold as well as we did makes it that much better . "
Best Minister , Scrimshaw , and Ten Most Wanted all had workouts on Monday morning .
Sgt. Ernest Bucklew , 33 , was coming home from Iraq to bury his mother in Pennsylvania .
The Dow Jones industrial average < .DJI > fell 44 points , or 0.46 percent , to 9,568 .
The servers can run Solaris x86 operating system or the standard Linux operating system .
Mr. Marshall pressed the practical case that quite similar rights legislation based on the 14th Amendment had been struck down by the Supreme Court in 1883 .
They say second-quarter earnings reports will be key in giving investors that guidance .
Spending on research and development is expected to be $ 4.4 billion for the year , compared with the previous expectation of $ 4.3 billion .
It also predicted that a 7.0 per cent rise to $ 204.9bn in 2006 , topping the industry 's yearly sales record set in 2000 .
Shares of Allergan were up 14 cents at $ 78.40 in late trading on the New York Stock Exchange .
In addition , the NTSB also recommended to NHTSA that state legislation be enacted to prohibit holders of learners permits and intermediate licenses from using mobile phones while driving .
At least 2,036 Palestinians and 737 Israelis have been killed since the revolt began in September 2000 .
Davey started attending Northwest College , which is affiliated with the Assemblies of God , in 1999 with plans to become a minister .
In that order , Nottingham ruled the do-not-call list unconstitutional on free-speech grounds because it applied to calls from businesses but not charities .
News Corp. , whose empire spans Hollywood 's Twentieth Century Fox to publishing house HarperCollins , owns 35 percent of BSkyB .
" I don 't even worry about that anymore , " the 38-year-old center fielder said .
Also as part of the deal , PalmSource stock will begin trading on the NASDAQ stock market Wednesday under the ticker symbol : PSRC .
Sprint plans to move half of its 8 million local lines from hard-wired circuits to packet networks in the next six years .
Though the judge can reduce the punishment to life in prison without parole , experts say Virginia judges rarely take that opportunity .
Still , the FBI said in the report released Monday , the number of reported rapes rose by 4 percent and the number of murders grew by 0.8 percent .
Those unfair sales have damaged the US industry by eroding market prices below sustainable levels , says Alcoa .
The Stone 's Four Flicks DVD , set to be released Nov. 11 from TGA Entertainment , is expected to be one of the holiday season 's best sellers .
With the remaining three shuttles grounded in the wake of the Columbia accident , the rookies will have to wait even longer .
That saw the benchmark 10-year note US10YT = RR slip 5 / 32 in price , taking its yield to 3.36 percent from 3.34 percent late on Thursday .
Taiwan reported 22 new cases , for a total of 360 with 13 deaths .
Sherpa Tenzing Norgay , who reached the summit with Sir Edmund , died in 1986 .
The case decided Monday centered around an Illinois fund-raiser , Telemarketing Associates .
" I notice a mood change in their priorities , " said one Iraqi politician after meeting with Mr. Bremer .
Lawmakers on the House panel will question intelligence analysts at the closed-door hearing about the factors that went into compiling the National Intelligence Estimate reports on Iraq 's weapons programs .
He refused to say what percentage of domestic flights had security officers on board .
" We 're in the Stanley Cup finals , and it was a little bit embarrassing the way we played in the first two games .
Newly appointed chief executive Mark McInnes has already said that capping costs would be the number one issue David Jones would tackle as a result of the review .
America says 1,882 of its service personnel are listed as missing in action and unaccounted for .
It may be dying because entrenched interests are positioning themselves to control the Internet 's choke-points and they are lobbying the FCC to aid and abet them . "
Japan 's business lobby quoted Snow as saying he wanted China to be flexible on its trade and foreign exchange policies .
Five-time Tour de France winner Lance Armstrong is in Denver today for a meeting about surviving cancer .
Wire transfers from four of the 40 accounts open at Beacon Hill totaled more than $ 3.2 billion from 2001 to 2002 , Morgenthau said .
Police spokesman Wayne Bvudzijena said in a statement that at least 154 people , most of them opposition activists or officials , were arrested across the country Monday .
The United States will play Canada in the third-place game Saturday .
As part of the changes BAT said managing director , Paul Adams , 50 , would become chief executive from January 1 .
United is working closely with the ATSB to replace those aspects of the company 's original loan guarantee bid that were rejected as inadequate in December .
Shares of McDonald 's and Wendy 's continued their recent recovery Monday , rising more than 1 percent on the New York Stock Exchange in afternoon trade .
Another recent study found that 12 million adults have been diagnosed with diabetes and another 5 million adults have the condition but don 't know it .
" We don 't think that there is a trade secret here . "
West Nile is a bird virus that is spread to people by mosquitoes .
Chief executive Tung Chee-hwa doesn 't answer to the people of Hong Kong .
" There are a range of risks which are being seriously examined by competent authorities , " Mr Ruddock said .
Under NASD regulations , Mr. Young can file a response and request a hearing before an NASD panel .
Qantas yesterday issued its second profit downgrade in six weeks and warned of more job cuts as the continuing affect of the SARS scourge took its toll on passenger demand .
Toronto Police Chief Julian Fantino said Friday morning that an arrest has been made in the slaying of local girl Holly Jones .
" We started our investigation of the child porn ring last year in August and soon realised that it was a big thing , " Mr Beer told a packed press conference .
Still , he noted that Miami must decide whether to seek A.C.C. membership by June 30 to adhere to Big East guidelines .
The union said it would reveal later which chain would be targeted .
The incremental step , reported by researchers at UC San Francisco , is the latest in a decade-long effort to infect mice with the virus .
TVT Records sought $ 360 million in punitive damages and $ 30 million in compensatory damages , officials said .
The reporting services will also be rolled into Yukon as planned , sources said .
Emily Church is London bureau chief of CBS.MarketWatch.com.
U.S. forces struck dozens of targets on Monday , killing six guerrillas and arresting 99 others during 1,729 patrols and 25 raids conducted over 24 hours .
As the holiday shopping season peaks , industry experts predict the coming week could make or break Christmas 2003 for many retailers .
They asked that the autopsy reports be unsealed after portions of the autopsy report on Peterson 's unborn son that were favorable to the defense were leaked to the media .
In addition , 37 per cent of executives who expect to make more money cited reduced costs as the main reason .
Indeed , analyst Mike King of Banc of America Securities downgraded Genentech yesterday to a " sell " before the company released its colon cancer news .
Former Phipps aides Linda Saunders and Bobby McLamb have both pleaded guilty to federal charges including extortion .
The proportion of Americans with insurance from employers declined to 61.3 percent , from 62.6 percent in 2001 and 63.6 percent in 2000 .
The fire spread to several surrounding structures on the property and destroyed them as deputies held back firefighters .
The researchers gave copies of " Dr. Atkins ' New Diet Revolution " to the carb-cutters .
The 27-year-old rapper 's attorney in the civil matter , Mark Gann , did not return calls for comment .
The first product , StorageCentral , is entry-level storage resource management ( SRM ) software focused on file and quota management in Windows environments .
Sources say this decision was a direct result of the decision to release Boudin .
There were sharply conflicting reports tonight on the death toll .
Further out the curve , the benchmark 10-year note US10YT = RR shed 18 / 32 in price , taking its yield to 3.24 percent from 3.17 percent .
Iffel was hit with 22 weapons charges and faces up to 87 years in prison if convicted .
Kathleen Peterson 's body was found in December 2001 at the bottom of a staircase in the couple 's home .
The Nikkei Average closed up 42.56 points , or half a percent , at 8,227.32 .
The study results were released at a meeting in Seattle of the American Thoracic Society and also will be published in tomorrow 's issue of The New England Journal of Medicine .
But company officials expect the costs of the replacement work to run into the millions of dollars .
Customers can deploy Release Candidate 1 of Exchange Server 2003 , which is available Monday , as a stepping stone toward the final release , which is due this summer .
Hatab suffered broken ribs and a broken hyoid bone , according to Rawson , who is at Camp Pendleton .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX was down 0.04 points , or 0 percent , at 971.52 .
The disease has infected 6,583 people in over two dozen countries , WHO said yesterday .
The first time in 1999 was when Bashir replaced JI 's former leader , Abdullah Sungkar , who had died .
Of the 24 million phone votes cast , Studdard was only 130,000 votes ahead of Aiken .
The Bush administration should make public facts about purported Saudi Arabian complicity with terrorists rather than worry about offending the kingdom , several legislators said yesterday .
The American Anglican Council , which represents Episcopalian conservatives , said it will seek authorization to create a separate province in North America because of last week 's actions .
" It was going to involve others , " federal prosecutor Kenneth Karas said at a Jan. 30 court hearing , without further elaboration .
Relief is in sight for Texans saddled with skyrocketing homeowners insurance premiums .
Frankel said Peace Rules will run in the Preakness Stakes on May 17 .
Families stuck on the highway were being urged to remain in their cars , and to use their cell phones only in case of emergency .
In dissent , Judge Gerald W. Heaney said the authorities should have allowed Mr. Singleton to be medicated without the consequence of execution .
Major fires had burned 264,000 acres by early last night .
Dealers said the euro 's downward momentum may pick up speed should it break below $ 1.15 .
President Bush on Monday accused Europe of aggravating hunger in Africa by closing its markets to genetically modified food .
Neither OLAF nor the Belgian prosecutors have specified if it was this system that was at the centre of the investigation .
Bremer said he would launch a $ 70-million program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods across Iraq and build community projects , but gave no details .
The rally overshadowed ceremonies marking the sixth anniversary of Hong Kong 's return to China on 1 July 1997 .
And he justified bombing Bali by saying that while it had caused material devastation , it was for the island 's long-term moral good .
Kodak expects earnings of 5 cents to 25 cents a share in the quarter .
A tropical storm rapidly developed in the Gulf of Mexico on Sunday and could have hurricane-force winds when it hits land somewhere along the Louisiana coast Monday night .
She did — and then some , besting a 144-player field that included former winners Sorenstam and Juli Inkster , as well as Wie .
Penn Traffic stock closed Wednesday at 36 cents , up 2 cents , or 6.2 percent , from Tuesday 's close .
The women said victims of rape who came forward were routinely punished for minor infractions while their attackers escaped judgment , prompting most victims to remain silent .
The loss ends a run of four straight " Sister Slam " major finals — all won by Venus ' sister , Serena .
Tour doctors later confirmed that he had broken his right leg near the hip and also sustained wrist and elbow fractures .
The recent turnaround in the stock market and an easing in unemployment claims " may signal more favorable economic times ahead , " she said .
The other , much less likely semifinal will match seventh-seeded Guillermo Coria of Argentina against the unseeded Dutchman Martin Verkerk .
" In crafting the tax relief packages , the president has always had both the short-term and the long-term in mind , " Buchan said .
The wounded doctor , whose name was withheld , underwent surgery at the hospital for three gunshot wounds .
He said FDA hopes Congress and the courts will bring clarity to the situation and some financial relief to consumers — perhaps before the 2004 elections .
LBANY , Aug. 8 Joseph L. Bruno , the State Senate majority leader , announced today that he had prostate cancer .
In 1995 , the last survey , those numbers were equal .
Peregrine sold its Remedy business unit to BMC Software in November for $ 355 million .
" This is America , my friends , and it should not happen here . "
Albuquerque Mayor Martin Chavez said investigators felt confident that with the arrests they had " at least one of the fires resolved . "
BlueCore3 also implements v1.2 's eSCO facility to provide the basis for advanced cordless telephony applications for Bluetooth transmission .
" We are very pleased with the judge 's decision , " Merrill said yesterday .
The head of the local disaster unit , Gyorgy Heizler , said the coach driver had failed to heed red stop lights .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index < .SPX > gained 5.51 points , or 0.56 percent , to 981.73 .
" I don 't see the urgency in this so I 'm not going to grant it , " West said .
Under the law , telemarketers who call numbers on the list can be fined up to $ 11,000 for each violation .
As we go down the licensing path , our goal is not to start suing companies , " McBride said .
The royal household was bracing itself for any more revelations in A Royal Duty , based on the former servant ’ s time with Diana , Princess of Wales .
The agency has yet to fully formulate a strategy for the creation of an independent engineering technical authority .
Supermarket chains are accusing union leaders of breaking off contract talks prematurely over the weekend as grocery clerks gear up for a possible strike .
Company spokesman Jack Ferry said a search is ongoing but declined comment on its status .
By the time that Reagan left office in 1989 , the Navy had nearly 600 ships - about twice the number that it has today .
Several SUVs parked on residential streets in Monrovia were tagged with ``ELF ' ' and other slogans , said Sgt. Tom Wright .
It stems from a Modesto police report .
Along with Boston , Watertown , Saugus and Framingham also are going smoke-free Monday .
The reductions are expected to save Texas consumers $ 510 million , and most policyholders will see reductions , said Robert Black , an Insurance Department spokesman .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index < .SPX > edged down 9 points , or 0.98 percent , to 921 .
Though a federal judge in New Jersey agreed , a panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 3rd Circuit disagreed .
" The threat to aircraft by terrorists using shoulder-fired missiles continues in Kenya , including Nairobi , " it said .
" While the rest of America grapples with an economic downturn , recession has become a permanent way of life for much of rural America . "
The traditional Mediterranean diet contains many components , including a high intake of fruits and vegetables , nuts and cereals , and olive oil .
The executives fined included former Chief Executives Paul A. Allaire and G. Richard Thoman as well as former Chief Financial Officer Barry Romeril .
They underwent more tests over the weekend , and are now warded at Raffles Hospital .
The per-share earnings were also 4 cents per share higher than the expectations of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call .
But skeptics are concerned about the ease at which these hardware-based security features could be used to set digital rights management policies by vendors .
A news release from the office said the arrest was for an act of juvenile delinquency based on intentionally causing damage to protected computers .
" I feel that my supervision was inadequate , " Taiwan 's minister of health , Twu Shiing-jer , told parliament after tendering his resignation .
The remains of three illegal immigrants were found Tuesday in a sweltering railroad car after fellow immigrants escaped and left their weakened companions behind .
Patton also appointed Conner to the Kentucky Lottery Board and appointed Seth Conner to the Agriculture Development Board , the commission says .
" We 're being hyper-vigilant , " said Dr. James Young , Ontario 's commissioner of public safety .
And tuition at two-year community colleges jumps $ 300 , or 12 percent , to $ 2,800 .
Hidalgo County Judge Ramon Garcia says when he was growing up , he wasn 't allowed to speak Spanish at school .
Aventis , based in Strasbourg , France , is one of the leading producers of the vaccine and one of a handful of companies that still make it .
" But at this stage , given the early detection , the outlook in such instances would be positive , " he said .
Openexchange Server 4.1 includes a web-based distributed authoring and versioning ( WebDAV ) interface and Outlook connector to speed information flows .
The left the Eurotop 300 benchmark trading just short of its highest level since January 17 -- hit earlier in the session .
The federal government has traditionally reimbursed urban hospitals at higher rates on the belief that medical treatment is less expensive in small cities and towns .
But other sources close to the sale said Vivendi was keeping the door open for further bids in the next day or two .
The firm had predicted earlier this year a 4.9 percent increase .
The findings appear in Wednesday 's Journal of the American Medical Association .
" What is happening here is that people who have opposed this action throughout are trying to find fresh reasons why it was not the right thing to do . "
Genentech Inc . , the world 's second-largest biotechnology company , and Xoma Ltd. said they will terminate Phase II testing of their Raptiva rheumatoid-arthritis drug after finding no benefit for patients .
If he is successful in reaching a so-called " hudna , " he will hold more talks with Sharon , their third one-on-one in a month .
Its shares fell $ 9.61 to $ 50.26 , ranking as the NYSE 's most-active issue and its biggest percentage loser .
The picture changes slightly should New York Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton end up as the Democratic presidential candidate .
He said the attackers left behind leaflets urging workers at the Ishtar Sheraton to stop working at the hotel .
NASA officials are seeking advice about what to do with the 84,000 shattered pieces of the space shuttle Columbia , cautiously broaching the idea of putting some parts on display .
In a joint statement , the companies said that as a result of the license agreement , TI will not be changing its prices .
In winter , Terrapin Point is transformed into a treacherous embankment of ice and snow that blankets everything -- the park , the railings , even the lampposts .
The agent reported his contacts to Texas law enforcement officials and told them another legislator being sought was in Ardmore .
The bodies of many of the dead , pulled from under the partially derailed train , were laid out by the tracks awaiting identification .
Today , June 25 , the 127th anniversary of Custer 's defeat , formal recognition is coming to the Indian warriors who prevailed that hot June day in 1876 .
Jim Wolfcale , the jury foreman and a minister , said , " This case was both mentally challenging and emotionally exhausting . "
The Russell 2000 index , which tracks smaller company stocks , fell 1.40 , or 0.3 percent , to 408.83 .
Agents confiscated several classified documents in his possession and interrogated him .
The Video Software Dealers Association said 28.2 million DVDs were rented out last week , compared to 27.3 million VHS cassettes .
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 0.11 percent , or 1.78 points , at 1,594.13 .
Basically , the plaintiffs did not show that omissions in Merrill 's research caused the claimed losses .
It was third time lucky for the 46-year-old explorer who twice had to abandon attempts to make ballooning history .
But he said labor wanted other senators to increase the value of awards proposed by Hatch and create a mechanism to ensure the fund remains solvent .
The dollar dropped to $ 1.1564 per euro at 7 : 30 a.m. in London from $ 1.1486 on Friday .
The most common side effects after getting the nasal spray were nasal congestion , runny nose , sore throat and cough .
U.S. President George W. Bush said he 's appointed Paul ( Jerry ) Bremer , a security and counter-terrorism expert , as presidential envoy to Iraq .
" I 'm amazed at how many people think there is a silver bullet for security , " he said .
The Nikkei average ended the morning up half a percent at 8,071.00 .
The International Union of Painters and Allied Trades endorsed Mr Dean several weeks ago .
Talabani told him Iraqi leaders would " need U.N. assistance and advice in implementing the new decisions which have been taken " on organising an interim Iraqi government by June .
She cautioned that it will be difficult for investigators to tie any decline in shuttle funding directly to the February tragedy .
McKevitt is a terrorist , a man who has the blood of innocent people on his hands . "
House Democrats plan town meetings this month to lay out their complaints about the House bill .
The scientist also quarantined himself at home as soon as he developed SARS symptoms , officials said .
Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi said Mr Ota deserved to be criticised .
Together , we will find creative ways to communicate the unique strengths of Kmart to the ' new America ' consumer . "
Nations like Israel and Australia already have such status .
Chief financial officer Andy Bryant has said that hike had a greater affect volume than officials expected .
Klarman was charged with 16 counts of wire fraud .
" Sitting around in base camp knocking back cans of beer - that I don 't particularly regard as mountaineering . "
" Our strong preference is to achieve a financial restructuring out of court , " Mirant CEO Marce Fuller said in a prepared statement early Friday .
Symantec Monday said it will acquire SSL VPN appliance provider Safeweb for $ 26 million in cash .
Missouri kicked Ricky Clemons off its team , ending his troubled career there .
" We 've put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching progress , probably later than we should have .
" I 've stopped looters , run political parties out of abandoned buildings , caught people with large amounts of cash and weapons , " said U.S. Army 2nd Lt. Cody Williams .
In 2006 , Asia Pacific will report growth of 7.9 percent to $ 81.8 billion .
And Sen. Michael Crapo , R-Idaho , chairman of the subcommittee that first will take up the nomination , is a longtime friend of Kempthorne 's .
Directed by Gibson , the reported $ 25 million production stars Jim Caviezel as Jesus and Monica Bellucci as Mary Magdalene .
In a special section on diabetes , the report notes that 6.5 percent of American adults were diagnosed with diabetes in 2002 , compared to 5.1 percent in 1997 .
Eight firefighters also suffered minor injuries , including burns , heat , bruises and muscle strain , fire officials said .
The sick children have been staying home and Althardt said there was no indication any had needed to be hospitalized .
The inspector general 's findings confirm our long-held view that civil liberties and the rights of immigrants were trampled in the aftermath of 9 / 11 . "
His band in the early 1930s included pianist Teddy Wilson , saxophonist Chu Berry , trombonist J.C. Higginbotham and drummer Sid Catlett .
Trans fats are created when vegetable oil has been partially hydrogenated , solidifying it and increasing the shelf life of certain products .
International rescue workers hacked desperately through flattened debris for survivors and cemeteries overflowed in Iran 's ancient Silk Road city of Bam yesterday .
Rich Media interactive ad formats doubled their share from 3 % in second quarter of 2002 , to 6 % in the second quarter of 2003 .
The report added that " spin " and manipulative public relations " are not the answer , " but that neither is avoiding the debate .
Huge fires in Arizona and Colorado scorched forests in areas where thinning projects had meant to reduce the fire threat , but were tied up in appeals , Bush said .
He cut his rating for XL shares from " buy " to " neutral " and said the shares would not " rebound quickly " .
Fed policy-makers last week signaled they are prepared to cut that rate to ward off even the threat of deflation .
The news also comes in conjunction with Suns annual JavaOne developers conference in San Francisco .
State radio said it was the last test before the missile was delivered to the armed forces .
Waksal pleaded guilty to insider trading charges last year , and he is scheduled to be sentenced June 10 .
Kerry Kennedy Cuomo and Andrew Cuomo have been married 13 years .
The boy fired once into a wall and sprayed the room with fire extinguishers , making it hard to see , the chief said .
In Nairobi , the provost of All Saints Cathedral , the Very Reverend Peter Karanja , said the US Episcopal Church was alienating itself from the Anglican Communion .
A woman who underwent such an abortion could not be prosecuted under the bill .
Another 152,054 are from IP services company NTT / Verio , and 129,378 from InfoSpace , the survey found .
Last Thursday , the RIAA sent a stiff copyright warning to Penn State 's department of astronomy and astrophysics .
SCO 's filings also assert that " the GPL violates the U.S. Constitution , together with copyright , antitrust and export control laws . "
The girls , ages 16 and 18 , were ticketed for underage drinking along with three of the cadets .
Captain Robert Ramsey of US 1St Armored Division said a truck had exploded outside the building at around 11 am .
He most recently served as corporate vice president of Microsoft 's Mobile Devices Marketing Group .
The new name will be Terrorism Information Awareness .
It has 800 employees , compared with Wells Fargo 's 2,400 .
There are five ethnic Kurds , five Sunni Muslims , a Christian and a Turkoman .
The arm was kept in a separate room , but the monkeys could track their progress by watching a representation of the arm and its motions on a video screen .
The dollar was at 117.85 yen against the Japanese currency , up 0.1 percent .
This is unacceptable , " said Patrick Pelloux , the president of France 's Association of Emergency Doctors .
The news comes after Drax 's American owner , AES Corp. AES.N , last week walked away from the plant after banks and bondholders refused to accept its restructuring offer .
Michael Suen , the secretary for housing , planning and lands , said after the ruling that Hong Kong 's cabinet would meet " very soon " to decide whether to resume construction .
The study appears in the latest issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association .
Redman has allowed two earned runs or less in six of his nine starts .
But if their circulatory systems are not properly separated , it could kill them , doctors say .
In the past two years scientists say there have been vaccine shortages for diphtheria-tetanus-whooping cough , measles-mumps-rubella , pneumococcal disease , tetanus and chicken pox .
The meat , poultry , butter , cheese and nuts were being stored by more than 100 wholesalers in Chicago .
He said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14 bombers who launched five almost simultaneous raids Friday night .
Under the measure , doctors who perform the procedure would be subject to two years in prison and unspecified fines .
Dusty had surgery for cancer in 2001 and had a kidney removed .
" It also indicates the terrorists really don 't care who they attack . "
Above that , seniors would be responsible for 100 percent of drug costs until the out-of-pocket total reaches $ 3,600 .
Google 's early stage backers in include California-based Stanford University and VC firms Kleiner Perkins and Sequoia Capital .
" What has happened to you , sir , by way of punishment , is certainly more than enough , " Covello said .
Lord Archer is likely to be released from Hollesley Bay open prison at Woodbridge , Suffolk , on July 21 .
The write-down will cut a quarter of a penny per share from second-quarter earnings , according to Coca-Cola .
The euro 's rise against the yen and speculation of Japanese intervention helped the dollar firm to 117.25 yen , well above a 10-month low of 116 yen hit on Thursday .
" We condemn this raid which is in our view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable , " London-based NCRI official Ali Safavi told Reuters by telephone .
Southwest said it had already inspected its fleet of 385 aircraft and found no additional suspicious items .
The company will begin adding to Perot Systems ' profits immediately , the company said .
Shumaker was the president of the University of Louisville when he was hired by UT .
Van-Vliet , who was also injured , called in the accident on the school bus radio .
Network Solutions returned the domain name back to Optima in 2001 .
Opponents said they had 1.1 million signatures on petitions opposing the recall , though those petitions would have no legal effect .
Clijsters was simply too powerful for Spanish veteran Conchita Martinez , winning 6-2 , 6-1 .
Total shipments reached 19.5 million units last year , compared with 8.9 million units in 2001 .
I am not giving any consideration to resignation , " Shumaker said in a statement .
Additional applications and software can be downloaded via the phone or from a PC via a USB connection .
Sources in the racing industry said Fontana will get a second NASCAR race on Labor Day weekend starting next season .
The number of households acquiring music fell from a high of 14.5 million in April to 12.7 million in May and 10.4 million in June , according to NPD .
Oracle on Friday launched a $ 5.1 billion hostile takeover bid for PeopleSoft .
" I would like the FCC to start all over again , " said Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison , R-Texas , who expressed concern about " potentially dangerous " newspaper-broadcast combinations .
He said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14 bombers who launched five almost simultaneous raids Friday night .
Tennessee Titans quarterback Steve McNair was arrested Thursday and charged with drunken driving and possession of a handgun .
Girolami ordered the records conditionally sealed May 15 at the request of prosecution and defense attorneys .
" My understanding of this is that there is a lower percentage of successful impregnations with frozen , " Ezzell said .
It is so far out in international water that the finder Odyssey Marine Exploration , of Tampa , Fla . , does not have to share the wealth with any governments .
" Enron company executives engaged in widespread and pervasive fraud to manipulate the company 's earnings results , " Buell said .
A lawyer for Bashir , Mahendradatta , said earlier his client was mentally prepared for a heavy sentencing demand and had felt the Marriott bombing would affect the decision .
The Yankees selected Eric Duncan , a third baseman from Seton Hall Prep in New Jersey , with the 27th pick .
The pressure will intensify today , with national coverage of the final round planned by ESPN and words that are even more difficult .
Following California 's lead , several states and the federal government passed similar or tougher bans .
State GOP Chairman Kris Warner said the GOP would not shy away in 2004 from referring to Wise 's problems .
The appellate judges were in sharp disagreement when they ruled in February .
SCO is suing IBM for misappropriation of trade secrets , tortious interference , unfair competition and breach of contract .
In other markets , U.S. Treasuries inched higher as declining stocks raised the appeal of safe-haven debt .
Those children later diagnosed with the most severe autism showed the greatest increase in early rapid head growth compared to those children with milder forms of the disorder .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX rose 6.48 points , or 0.66 percent , to 990.51 .
A spokesman at Strong Memorial Hospital said Doud was under evaluation Tuesday evening in the emergency room .
" It remains to be seen whether the revenue recovery will be short- or long-lived , " said James Sprayregen , UAL bankruptcy attorney , in court .
Along with chip maker Intel , the companies include Sony , Microsoft , Hewlett-Packard , International Business Machines , Gateway , Nokia and others .
At 2 : 25 p.m. , the King County medical examiner confirmed the remains were human , Larson said .
In his Jan. 28 State of the Union message , Bush said , " The British government has learned that Saddam Hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from Africa . "
Smith , who faces a maximum 40 years in prison if convicted , is free on $ 250,000 bond .
" We 're making these commitments first and foremost because we think it 's the right thing to do , " said Michael Mudd , spokesman for the company .
" It was better under Saddam ... The war did nothing for us , " said 28-year-old Mushtaq Talib , a job-seeking army deserter , when asked what message he would give to Powell .
The Marlins only said : " The issue has been resolved . "
Twenty-nine-year-old Iranian sisters Ladan and Laleh Bijani are willing to accept the slim chance of success just for an opportunity to lead separate lives .
" But unfortunately we have found that attacks against Iraqis have increased , " he added .
Soon after , a Coast Guard helicopter landed and took the men to Bartlett Regional Hospital , Mills said .
Time magazine named the American soldier its Person of the Year for 2003 .
The $ 85 million agreement was reached in September , less than two months after Archbishop Sean O 'Malley took over as leader of the nation 's fourth-largest diocese .
The American Cancer Society and several scientists said the study was flawed in several ways .
" This was a persistent problem which has not been solved , mechanically and physically , " said board member Steven Wallace .
Fighting has continued sporadically in the west , where it is complicated by the presence of battle-hardened Liberians on both sides .
Moseley Braun has scored endorsements from the National Organization for Women and the National Women 's Political Caucus .
Advanced Micro Devices on Tuesday launched its newest Athlon chip for workstations and servers .
" It 's always fun to come to Colorado , " said Dixon , who moved into second in the IRL standings behind Kanaan .
To replace Oracle 11.9 with PeopleSoft--that would be a move that makes sense . "
The judge said Congress is the best forum to address the high cost of prescription drugs .
The Group of Seven nations , meanwhile , also saw some improvement , with the leading indicator rising to 119.1 , from April 's 118.2 .
" We 've become like total strangers , " John told a pal two days before his death .
Dotson was arrested July 21 after telling FBI agents he shot Dennehy when Dennehy tried to shoot him , according to the arrest warrant affidavit .
The 90-minute exchange took place at a debate , focusing on the issues of interest to young people , broadcast live from Faneuil Hall in Boston .
The Supreme Court said Monday the government can require public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters , rejecting librarians ' complaints that the law amounts to censorship .
Papandreou said EU leaders would discuss the appointment of Bank of France governor Jean-Claude Trichet as president of the European Central Bank on Thursday or Friday .
These days , death-penalty backers in the legislature acknowledge that they are outnumbered .
Jodie Singer , a sixth-grader from Washington , D.C. , anxiously awaited her turn at the microphone .
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI ended up 64.64 points , or 0.71 percent , at 9,191.09 , according to the latest available data .
Members of the QVC management team hold the remaining shares .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average ( $ DJ : news , chart , profile ) rose 56 points , or 0.7 percent , to 8,588 .
The report also claims that there will be up to 9.3 million visitors to hot spots this year , up again from the meagre 2.5 million in 2002 .
Israeli soldiers began tearing down settlement outposts in the West Bank yesterday - an Israeli obligation under a new Mideast peace plan .
Harvey was taken to St. Luke 's Hospital for precautionary neck X-rays , which came back negative .
His attorney , Christopher Wilson , said Young is disputing the accusations through the NASD 's hearing process .
Powell is serving time in a different case -- killing his landlady in 1982 .
The number of lung transplants also increased from 30 to 64 and the average waiting time for a lung fell from 290 days to 87 days .
The 30-year bond < US30YT = RR > firmed 24 / 32 , taking its yield to 4.18 percent , after hitting another record low of 4.16 percent .
Iressa is similar to medicines being developed by ImClone Systems Inc. and OSI Pharmaceuticals Inc . , designed to precisely target tumor cells while sparing healthy ones .
A sibling also identified Sani , 28 , who was from the island of Sumatra , police said .
Investigators " were chipping away at the concrete to get to the body , " said Chris Butler , who lives across the street in the quiet city neighborhood .
Still , changes to IE " may affect a large number of existing Web pages , " according to the W3C 's notice .
The New York Times asked employees at its headquarters to shut down their computers yesterday because of " computing system difficulties . "
It was the most serious breach of royal security since 1982 when an intruder , Michael Fagan , found his way into the Queen 's bedroom at Buckingham Palace .
In jihad , the target must be clear , meaning that we should have authentic evidence of the target that they really hate Islam , " Imron said .
The 5 a.m. blast occurred in the city 's Al Bayaa district .
" It 's a waste of water and money , " said Adan Ortega , a Metropolitan vice president .
On Sunday , a U.S. soldier was killed and another injured when a munitions dump they were guarding exploded in southern Iraq .
Lynch , who returns to the hills of West Virigina Tuesday , also received the Purple Heart and Prisoner of War medals at Walter Reed Army Medical Center in Washington .
Kernan , who was O 'Bannon 's lieutenant governor , friend and political partner , was sworn in six hours after O 'Bannon died Saturday .
Charles Cullen , 43 , was transferred from the Somerset County Jail in Somerville to the Anne Klein Forensic Center , a 150-bed psychiatric treatment facility in Trenton .
The couple left behind two boys , Robert , 6 , and Michael , 10 .
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said there were 19 reported cases of measles in the United States in 2002 .
Kroger 's Ralphs chain and Albertsons immediately locked out their grocery workers in a show of solidarity .
" These documents are indecipherable to me , " the lawyers said , " and the fact is that this investigation has led nowhere . "
The Pentagon statement said that allowing Hamdi access to a lawyer " is not required by domestic or international law and should not be treated as a precedent . "
The sales leave Mr. Turner with about 45 million shares in AOL .
A fifth member of an alleged terrorist sleeper cell in a Buffalo suburb pleaded guilty Monday to supporting terrorism .
She also pledged to bring peace to Iraq : " Americans don 't cut and run , we have to see this misadventure through . "
The Mobile 3200 + , 3000 + and 2800 + cost $ 293 , $ 233 and $ 193 for a thousand units .
The study was published today in the New England Journal of Medicine .
Junya Tanase , forex strategist at JP Morgan Chase , said " I expect Japan to keep conducting intervention , but the volume is likely to fall sharply . "
Crews worked to install a new culvert and repave the highway so motorists could use the eastbound lanes for travel .
Similar rewards were offered for his two sons and lieutenants , Uday and Qusay .
Shares jumped almost 7 percent in pre-open trading , rising to $ 18.26 from $ 17.05 at Tuesday 's close .
Maximum sustained winds were around 40 mph , with stronger gusts .
" Leaving aside attorney fees , we 're dealing with bragging rights of who wins and who loses , " said Gammerman .
Detective Sergeant Bernie Magee said police were keeping an open mind on the disappearance .
A spokesman for SCO could not be reached for comment this afternoon .
NBC probably will end the season as the second most popular network behind CBS , although it 's first among the key 18-to- 49-year-old demographic .
A key portion of the accord was the implementation of a special council to monitor health spending , set goals for the system and measure progress in reforming health care .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index ( .IXIC : Quote , Profile , Research ) ended off 2.96 points , or 0.15 percent , at 1,921.33 .
The update packages help " automate the management of server hardware , applications and operating systems patches using one tool , " which is unpleasantly vague .
" The other guy , he 's ashamed of his party , and I don 't blame him .
" Saddam is gone , but we want the ( U.S. ) occupation to end . "
The tests measure how well students are meeting the state 's standards for learning the content taught in each grade .
Analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call had expected Kodak to earn 68 cents a share for the quarter .
Defense attorney William Rork said he thought Walker would ask him to appeal Parrish 's ruling to a higher state court and perhaps U.S. District Court .
It is expected to reach Earth about 3 p.m. EDT Friday , and its effects could last 12 to 18 hours .
The arrests came just days after Israeli troops shot and killed Abdullah Kawasme , the militant group 's leader in Hebron .
The plant would employ 1,000 people when fully built out , the company said .
The countys first and only human case of West Nile this year was confirmed by health officials on Sept . 8 .
In New York City , opponents of the ban are planning a protest rally at City Hall Thursday at 1 p.m.
A few thousand troops , most from the division 's 3rd Brigade Combat Team based at Fort Benning in Columbus , began returning last week , with flights continuing through Friday .
China 's foreign ministry said : " We hope all parties will continue to make efforts and continue the process of dialogue . "
The letter bomb sent to Prodi exploded in his hands but he was unhurt .
The Pentagon had hoped to retain control of the postwar effort , so the decision was seen by some insiders as a victory for Powell and the State Department .
On Sunday , a U.S. soldier was killed and another injured when a munitions dump they were guarding exploded in southern Iraq .
Even as little as 2 or 3 grams of trans fat a day can increase the health risk .
In a Bush hypothetical matchup with a generic Democrat ; the president prevailed 43 to 38 percent .
In March 2002 , 63 percent of home broadband users connected via cable modem ; 34 percent used a DSL service .
Bush is spending the weekend at his Crawford ranch , where he will play host to Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi .
Slightly more than half of the earnings miss was due to a sales slump , with weakness was spread across the company 's various geographic and end markets .
But NASA has instructed space station astronauts to periodically seek shelter from the storm 's effects .
Apple Computer Inc. said Monday it exceeded record industry expectations by selling more than 1 million songs since the launch of its online music store a week ago .
The father , Ron Lovett , issued a statement through a family member Monday , apologizing for his son 's behavior .
A new worm has been spreading rapidly across the Internet , sometimes pretending to be an e-mail from Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates , antivirus vendors said Monday .
Shares of Fox Entertainment Group Inc . , News Corp. ' s U.S. media and entertainment arm , fell 45 cents to $ 26.85 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading .
The paper was released by the Computer and Communications Industry Association in Washington .
Nine seconds later , SpaceShipOne broke the sound barrier , the company said .
" There 's no reason for you to keep your skills up , " U.S. District Judge J. Frederick Motz told McGriff after he was sentenced .
The dividend , the company 's second this calendar year , is payable on Nov. 7 to shareholders of record at the close of business Oct. 17 .
House Judiciary Committee Chairman James Sensenbrenner , R-Wis . , says he is sensitive to civil liberties complaints .
From Justin to Kelly , a romance starring American Idol winner Kelly Clarkson and runnerup Justin Guarini , opened at No. 11 with $ 2.9-million.
Federal investigators are looking for possible connections between the theft of 1,100 pounds of an explosive chemical from construction companies in Colorado and California in the past week .
In Sweden , 99 percent of women are literate , compared with only 8 percent of women in Niger .
" The average track error for the five-day ( forecast ) is 323 nautical miles .
Iran has yet to sign an additional protocol to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty , which it signed in 1970 , that would allow IAEA inspections at short notice .
" IT is the only vehicle on which established economies will be able to compete " with fast-growing economies such as China and India , Barrett said .
The spacecraft is scheduled to blast off between next Wednesday and Friday from a launching site in the Gobi Desert .
Feith said critics have misrepresented the work of the special intelligence group he set up in October 2001 .
That compares with January 2000 , when laptops represented less than 25 percent of sales volume , NPD said .
" The day may come , " Judge Wolf continued , " when a court properly can and should declare the ultimate sanction to be unconstitutional in all cases .
Taiwan reported 22 new cases , for a total of 360 with 13 deaths .
" It 's not zero , " said David Ropeik , director of risk communication at the Harvard Center for Risk Analysis .
" But I just hope that this event , whatever it was , doesn 't tarnish his career or take away all that Sammy Sosa 's done .
" The Hulk " took in $ 62.6 million at the box office , a monster opening and a new June record .
Grasso quit last week in the wake of a firestorm of criticism over his $ 140 million compensation package .
Comcast has about 21.3 million cable subscribers , many in the largest U.S. cities .
Police said they were checking a white articulated trailer truck found about 20 miles from the warehouse for forensic evidence .
But those tiny gains weren 't nearly enough to offset the loss of nearly 62,000 jobs in the Santa Clara County-San Francisco areas .
The idiot-buddy prequel Dumb And Dumberer : When Harry Met Lloyd debuted at No. 6 , with $ 11.1 million .
Next week , John S. Reed , the former Citicorp chief executive who Sunday became interim chairman and chief executive of the exchange , will take up his position .
Judge Elizabeth Long heard arguments in the state case Thursday .
" This case represents an important opportunity to put a halt to a national effort aimed at removing any religious phrase or reference from our culture , " Sekulow said .
Yet another fight has been waged over a White House proposal to privatize air traffic control at major airports , such as those in Pittsburgh and Philadelphia .
Police met with school officials Oct. 24 and agreed to increase their presence after reports of increased violence and gang activity .
" Electrons come down from the polysilicon emitter , accelerate through the SiGe base and make a turn in the SOI layer towards the collector contact electrode , " the company said .
Three months into the study , the Atkins group had lost an average of about 15 pounds , compared with five for the low-fat group .
The European Commission , the EU 's powerful executive body , described the move as " legally unwarranted , economically unfounded and politically unhelpful . "
U.S. District Judge William Steele has set the hearing on the suit for Wednesday .
If successful , it will be the first to bring back a rock sample from an asteroid , Kawaguchi said .
OPEC this week is set to pressure independent exporters to back the cartel 's next supply cut to prevent the resumption of Iraqi exports undercutting oil prices .
Smith , 59 , is charged with filing false reports to FBI headquarters about Leung 's reliability and allowing her access to classified materials .
" We believe this is the right decision for the company ( Jinro ) , for its employees and for its creditors , " it said .
I never blamed a victim , I never punished a victim , ' ' said Brig. Gen. Taco Gilbert , the school 's former No. 2 officer .
His lawyer , a cousin , Basil Russin , did not attend the hearing and did not return phone messages .
Gordon is the senior Democrat on the House Subcommittee on Space and Aeronautics .
Asked if he felt any regret about theOctober 12 attack , the answer was an adamant " no " .
Cheney returned Barbour 's favorable introduction by touting Barbour 's work as chair of the Republican National Committee .
Officials involved in the Howard library rejected the idea of harming African-Americans .
Fire Chief John Jacoby arrived , joining Moriarty at the top of the embankment .
The study focused on the 35,561 people who had never smoked , but who lived with a spouse who did .
He said he also expects to have the support of lawmakers from other agricultural states .
A long awaited report on the Hong Kong government 's handling of the SARS outbreak has been released .
" Mr. Bryant is innocent and expects to be completely exonerated , " Mackey said in a statement .
A number of witnesses have told the court Bashir heads Jemaah Islamiah , accused of wanting an Islamic state in the region .
Federal officials earlier said there is no evidence of terrorism .
Evidence suggests two victims were taken by surprise , while the others may have tried to flee or perhaps defend themselves or their friends , police said .
The ingredients of such a polypill would contain aspirin , a cholesterol-lowering statin , three blood pressure-lowering agents in half dose , and folic acid .
At least 150 people are scheduled to testify at the hearings next week , with experts and activists lining up on both sides .
" For us , that doesn 't make a difference - the sexual orientation , " Archbishop Tutu said in the black urban centre of Soweto .
Mr. Turner transferred about 10 million shares to a charitable trust before they were sold .
About half of all U.S. households have money in mutual funds .
Five foreign embassies in Bangkok , including the Singapore embassy , were among those targeted .
Perry said he backs the Senate 's efforts , including the fines , to force the Democrats to return .
The state is setting up relief services and mobile communications after power was wiped out in the town .
The No. 11 airline in the world , Air Canada has been under court protection from creditors since April 1 .
The heatwave was due to a mass of hot , dry air from the southeast , said Mario Almeida of Portugal 's weather service .
Harkleroad was one of five American women who advanced to the third round .
" I urge Congress to quickly resolve any differences and send me the final bill as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law , " he said .
For the full year period ending June 30 , 2003 , high-speed lines increased by 45 percent .
The year-ago numbers do not include figures from Compaq Computer .
Standard & Poor 's 500 stock index futures for June were down 2.60 points at 965.70 , while Nasdaq futures were down 7.50 points at 1,183.50 .
The company had revenue of $ 2.56 billion in the first quarter of 2002 .
The panel will not begin a formal investigation because the statute of limitations has expired , Plofsky said .
Authorities performed an autopsy Thursday on one of three bodies recovered from beneath a layer of freshly poured concrete in the basement of a northwest Indiana home .
Westermayer was 26 then , and a friend and former manager who knew she was unhappy in her job tipped her to another position .
HP fell to second place with server sales growing 0.4 percent to $ 2.9 billion .
Barbini said the EU may reach a compromise but it wants a system for labeling such foods , something the industry has resisted .
It also disclosed that sales -- a figure closely watched by analysts as a barometer of its health -- were significantly higher than industry experts expected .
Both the House and Senate bills would end the ban on research and development of low-yield nuclear weapons .
Also demonstrating box-office strength -- and getting seven Tony nominations -- was a potent revival of Eugene ONeills family drama , Long Days Journey Into Night . "
In a mixture of ancient Melanesian pagan and modern Christian ceremonies the people tried again to erase the misfortunes they believe have kept them poor since that long-ago meal .
The unemployment rate rose a tenth of a percentage point to 6.1 % , the highest level since July 1994 .
Watches or warnings could be issued for eastern Cuba later on Thursday .
Merrill Lynch upgraded the business software maker to " buy " from " neutral " with a 12-month price target of $ 15 .
" At least two of [ the suspects ] were supposed to be in positions of leadership , " he said .
Mr Bush arrives on Tuesday on the first state visit by an American President .
AFTRA , on the other hand , approved the merger by a whopping 75 percent .
The new products on the desktop side include the latest versions of Pylon Conduit and Pylon Pro .
The Transportation Department survey of 60,000 people , conducted in 2001 and 2002 , found 91 percent of people who commute use their own cars or trucks .
Mr. Woodley died Sunday at age 44 of liver and kidney failure in his native Shreveport , La .
" Arifin has disclosed . . . that he is involved with a group of like-minded individuals in planning terrorist attacks against certain targets in Thailand .
The three-story brick building houses apartments in the upper floors and the Snack Bar and Caf on its downstairs .
His trial was moved to Virginia Beach .
The ONS this week reported a surprise 0.6 per cent fall in manufacturing output in August .
However , we have decided to opt for the European consortium 's engine as the best overall solution . "
Through Sunday , Sept . 21 , Site Finder has been visited over 65 million times by Internet users .
Witnesses said four Iraqis were killed and 14 injured during the protest and clash with British forces .
The formula is produced for Remedia by German company Humana Milchunion .
" I was believing that I was confident I could do this , but only in the case I would play my best tennis .
Bethany , who remained in stable condition after the attack Friday morning , talked of the attack Saturday .
But Peterson added , I dont know anybody in the conference committee whos fighting to keep it out completely .
Fujitsu Siemens Computers on Tuesday made good on a promise to offer a workstation based on Advanced Micro Devices ' Opteron processor .
Immunizing mice with pneumococcus means generating antibodies that the researchers believe lead to the protection from heart disease , he said .
Westfield also will continue discussions about the other co-owned centres such as Knox City in Melbourne , half-owned by Deutsche Bank .
Cuomo 's lawyer , Harriet Newman Cohen , said in a statement that he " was betrayed and saddened by his wife 's conduct during their marriage . "
Suu Kyi 's National League for Democracy won a landslide election in 1990 but has never been allowed to govern .
Box cutters were the weapons used by the 19 hijackers in the Sept . 11 , 2001 , attacks .
Said Mr. Burke : " It was a textbook landing considering the circumstances . "
Yee grew up in the United States and graduated from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point .
Nine other countries , including Australia , Chile , Colombia , El Salvador and Mexico , are supporting the case .
A key player in former state Treasurer Paul Silvester 's corruption scheme testified on Tuesday about kickbacks and bribes Silvester traded for state business .
" The casting was a big key , " says John Shaw of box office firm Movieline International .
That 's why the Americans - with all their technology - can 't find him . "
To watch pay television , consumers would insert into the set a security card provided by their cable service .
Started on Christmas Day in 1931 with Humperdinck 's " Hansel and Gretel , " the Met matinee broadcasts have introduced opera to millions of people around the world .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index < .IXIC > climbed 19.11 points , or 1.2 percent , to 1,615.02 .
A cul-de-sac with homes burned to their foundations was visible from above .
His partner Bijan Darvish is charged with filing a false police report .
As Sayliyah was the command base for the Iraq war , but hundreds who ran the war have returned to the United States .
If convicted under the new law , Zuccarini faces a maximum of four years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine .
The 2001 Aboriginal Peoples Survey released Wednesday by Statistics Canada says living standards have improved but still lag for the Inuit and those who leave their often impoverished reserves .
All 180,000 DHS employees will soon receive a DHS lapel pin and a personalized DHS certificate .
Lao officials on Friday called on France , its former colonial ruler , to help the country find an alternative investor to replace EdF .
" These vulnerabilities all relate to a lack of effective FAA oversight and , if not corrected , could lead to an erosion of safety , " said the report .
State air regulators and three automakers have agreed to settle a lawsuit challenging the nation 's toughest auto emissions program , according to a spokesman for California 's air board .
He had been arrested twice before for trespassing and was barred from the complex .
The FBI also failed to pursue other leads , including a San Diego imam who dealt with several 9 / 11 figures , it adds .
Closed sessions are routinely held at the U.N. tribunal that deals with Balkan war crimes , but they are usually closed to protect witnesses who fear for their safety .
We hope to have the first of these discussions within the next three to five months . "
Al-Numan was a longtime member of the regional command of the Baath party .
In that case , the court held that the city of Cincinnati had violated the First Amendment in banning , in the interest of aesthetics , only the advertising pamphlets .
Bombardier 's class B shares were up 13 Canadian cents or 3.2 percent at C $ 3.93 on the Toronto Stock Exchange late Monday morning .
The study appears in Wednesday 's Journal of the American Medical Association ( news - web sites ) .
" It just seems like all the issues that we support he doesn 't , " said Gabriela Lemus , the league 's director of policy and legislation .
Only Intel Corp. has a lower dividend yield .
" They did not ... provide the security that we had requested , " Jordan said in a CBS interview .
" But turning the corner doesn 't mean crossing the finish line , " Gregory said at the bishops ' annual meeting here .
" The clear message is it should not be used to prevent cardiovascular disease , " Manson said .
The Bush administration blames the wave of bombings and guerrilla attacks on Saddam loyalists and foreign Muslim militants who have entered Iraq to fight U.S. troops .
" In my mind this is not an issue on the horizon right now , " he was quoted as saying .
Zilkha and other shareholders , including Coastal Corp. founder and vocal El Paso critic Oscar Wyatt Jr . , had called for Wise 's termination for months .
Thirty-four of the men have been arrested and the others are being sought , US Attorney Daniel Bogden said yesterday .
Last week , former chief financial officer Franklyn Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy and agreed to cooperate with the government 's investigation .
Police using pepper spray arrested 12 people Monday night at a march and rally by about 400 activists protesting an annual training seminar of the Law Enforcement Intelligence Unit .
GALLOWAY TOWNSHIP , N.J. > > Annika Sorenstam and Michelle Wie drew the crowds , but Angela Stanford took her first LPGA victory .
Snow 's remark on the dollar 's effects on exports ``has a psychological impact , ' ' said Hans Redeker , head of foreign- exchange strategy at BNP Paribas .
They leave Chicago on Saturday , then will take another week to ready the remains for reburial .
Gateway 's all-in-one PC , the Profile 4 , also now features the new Intel technology .
The samples would be used to find genes involved in diseases that have a particularly high incidence among African-Americans , such as hypertension and diabetes .
An improving job market was a " major factor , " said Lynn Franco , director of the board 's consumer research center .
THE US government and private technology experts have warned that hackers plan to attack thousands of websites on Sunday in a loosely co-ordinated " contest " that could disrupt Internet traffic .
The commission estimated California lost $ 937 million to corporate tax shelters in 2001 .
" I have acknowledged that I behaved inappropriately , " he said .
" We will clearly modify some features of our plans as well as their administration , " Reed said in a letter to the NYSE 's 1,366 members .
Moore , the suspended chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court , stands trial before the Alabama Court of the Judiciary .
" We have been somewhat lucky , " said Dr. Anthony Fauci , director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases .
The vulnerability exists in the way Microsoft 's Visual Basic for Applications checks document properties passed to it when a document is opened .
The benchmark 10-year note was recently down 17 / 32 , to yield 4.067 percent .
His protest led to a 47-hour standoff with police that caused huge traffic jams in downtown Washington and northern Virginia .
Phoberomys ' skeleton was unearthed 250 miles west of Caracas , Venezuela .
On Wednesday next week , Mr Bush will meet Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and new Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas in Aqaba , Jordan .
Security analysts said the new version , W32 / Sobig.C-mm , had already reached a " high level " outbreak status by mid-afternoon on Monday .
Although sex crimes Det.-Sgt. Dave Perry is in command of the case , homicide Det.-Sgt. Gerry Cashman appeared last night at the Finch Ave.-Hwy. 404 area home .
We don 't need a little bitty tax relief plan .
The developers , The Related Cos. and Apollo Real Estate Advisors , hope sales top $ 1 billion .
Republicans had pledged to complete a Medicare drug package by August , then extended it to Oct. 17 .
The investment gives Larkspur , Calif.-based BayStar more than 2.9 million shares of SCO common stock , or 17.5 percent of the company 's outstanding shares .
Microsoft Monday released the second in a planned series of Solution Accelerators for its Office product lineup .
Stefani 's remarks further stoked tension after Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi last week compared a German member of the European Parliament to a Nazi concentration camp guard .
It is not clear whether the apology to Sir Richard - known as " C " - was written on the orders of the Prime Minister or on Mr Campbell 's own initiative .
The lawsuit named Secretary of State Kevin Shelley , a Democrat , and the registrars of voters in Los Angeles , Orange and San Diego counties .
" Until more facts are presented , Lindows.com will not take a position as to the validity of the claims presented by either side , " Lindows said in a statement .
Ridge said that no actual explosives or other harmful substances will be used .
The New Orders Index rose by 0.3 percentage points from 51.9 percent in May to 52.2 percent in June .
Shares of Allergan were up 14 cents at $ 78.40 in late trading on the New York Stock Exchange .
She took the highly unusual step of skipping cabinet to attend a meeting with the presidents of Rwanda and Uganda .
The April 19 , 1995 , bombing came on the second anniversary of the end of the Branch Davidian siege in Waco , Texas .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX gained 13.68 points , or 1.42 percent , at 977.27 .
Both Bloomberg and Pataki said were confident electricity would be restored by the morning .
The charges would mark the latest effort to crack down on a form of trading that takes advantage of delays in the ways funds are priced .
If draining the ponds in Maryland will further help establish Steve 's innocence , we welcome it . "
The Communications Workers Union , which represents more than 2,300 Comcast employees , called the executive pay package excessive when a typical union employee makes about $ 27,000 annually .
Dynes has been at UC San Diego since 1991 after spending 22 years with AT & T Bell Labs , where he worked on superconductors and other materials .
" I have said throughout ... I have absolutely no doubt about the existence of weapons of mass destruction .
A Cuban architect was sentenced to 20 years in prison Friday for using two fake grenades to hijack a passenger plane from Cuba to Florida in April .
He moved to Syria , where he underwent further religious training in traditional Islamic beliefs .
The study was presented yesterday in Chicago at the annual meeting of the Radiological Society of North America .
There is only one drug on the market for macular degeneration , and it is approved to treat only one subtype that represents a minority of cases .
The legislation would replace the current Texas law , which gives school districts the option of holding a period of silence and reciting the pledge .
But for the elderly and those with weakened immune systems , it can be fatal .
Perry has since called two special legislative sessions to try force the redistricting plan through .
Also today , a bomb explosion in a Baghdad traffic tunnel killed one civilian and wounded two others , Iraqi police said .
In a news release Thursday , Strayhorn said this was the first time a comptroller rejected a budget .
" Our decision today is quite limited , " they conclude .
" Whether that means two years or four years , I don 't know . "
The state wanted any insurer doing business there to turn over records of Holocaust-era insurance policies or risk losing their license to do business in the state .
But the economy hasn 't shown signs of sustainable growth .
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 2.09 percent , while the Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX leapt 2.23 percent .
Legislation that would change state takeover law and help Bloomfield Hills-based Taubman Centers Inc. fend off a $ 1-billion takeover won committee approval Tuesday .
A day later , Winikoff sealed the records again to give Limbaugh 's attorneys time to appeal .
The judge planned to have the anonymous jurors driven back and forth to court in vans with tinted windows to protect their identities .
On Sunday , four Palestinian militants were killed by an explosion in the northern Gaza Strip .
Hope is survived by his wife ; sons Anthony and Kelly ; daughters Linda and Nora Somers ; and four grandchildren .
The announcement was made during the recording of a Christmas concert attended by top Vatican cardinals , bishops , and many elite from Italian society , witnesses said .
Primary Care Trusts and Mental Health Trusts have also been formally rated for the first time this year .
" McDonald 's Canada only purchases beef from facilities federally inspected and approved by the Canadian Food Inspection Agency . "
That began on May 21 , after Penn Traffic announced it was considering bankruptcy .
California 's lost tax revenue was mostly due to international corporate tax shelters .
Following the news , shares of the power company climbed 20 cents to close at $ 14.10 .
" I know this sounds counterintuitive , but it 's true : City-grown pollution -- and ozone in particular -- is tougher on country trees , " U.S. ecologist Jillian Gregg said .
CBS said the show " does not present a balanced portrayal of the Reagans for CBS and its audience .
In Montana , tension was high Friday morning as officials prepared for what one official called an ``ugly ' ' forecast : more dry lightning and wind storms .
A woman was listed in good condition at Memorial 's HealthPark campus , he said .
There are 625 U.N. troops in Bunia , while there are between 25,000 and 28,000 tribal fighters in the region , with thousands of them deployed in and around Bunia .
First Essex operates 20 banking offices in two counties in Massachusetts and three counties in southern New Hampshire .
Canadian officials will participate through a command post exercise .
The large CGT union warned France of lengthy industrial action .
It will theoretically be able to transfer data at a rate of up to 20 megabytes per second under optimal conditions , according to Sony .
Above the clasped hands is a tomahawk crossed by a peace pipe , signifying peace .
The attack seemed similar to attacks staged near foreign compounds in Riyadh on May 12 , for which officials have also blamed al-Qaida .
Retailers J.C. Penney Co . Inc . JCP.N and Walgreen Co . WAG.N kick things off on Monday .
Further out the curve , the benchmark 10-year note US10YT = RR shed 26 / 32 in price , taking its yield to 3.27 percent from 3.17 percent .
When Olvera-Carrera was moved to the bus , the officers dragged his paralyzed body across the ground , Perez said .
The intervention force will confiscate weapons , reform the police , strengthen the courts and prison system and protect key institutions such as the Finance Ministry .
Starfish is United 's second attempt at a low-cost unit within the larger company .
Yunos prepared the bombs ' wiring , and Ghozi admitted that he prepared the switch on the alarm-clock triggers and packed the explosives , the prosecutors said .
Retail pricing for SMS 2003 with 10 device client access licenses is $ 1,219 .
That was up from the year-ago quarter , when the company earned $ 54.3 million , or 22 cents a share .
Each of those counts carries a maximum penalty of five years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine plus restitution .
Since then , Acacia has spent little time with her grandmother .
Spinnaker employs 83 people , most of whom are engineers .
" We cannot , and will not , allow anything of the kind . "
Yesterday , the Concorde seemed to launch itself straight out of the rising sun .
On Wednesday , attendees will vote on resolutions that express the Southern Baptist view on issues , but are not binding on individual churches .
Energy prices dropped by 8.6 percent , the biggest decline since July 1986 .
If convicted , he faces a maximum penalty of 10 years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine .
He followed his father and grandfather into the military , his mother said .
They described the intruder as being in his 30s to early 40s , from 5-feet-2 to 5-feet-5-inches tall , weighing about 160 pounds .
" We have prevented a very large number of infections and a significant amount of clinical disease , " Goodman said .
A new feature dubbed FileVault , also new in Panther , secures the contents of a user 's home directory with 128-bit AES encryption .
A typhoon packing record strength winds slammed into South Korea killing at least 48 people and forcing about 25,000 to flee from their homes , authorities said on Saturday .
Samudra , 32 , is suspected of being a key figure in the al-Qaida-linked terror group Jemaah Islamiyah , which has been blamed for carrying out the bombings .
The fire began about two hours later after an explosion likely caused by a steam leak , Miami-Dade Police Director Carlos Alvarez said .
" What they are doing right now is they drive around in their cars , while people are being killed 500 metres away .
Selenski used the mattress to scale a 10-foot razor wire , Fischi said .
The Vatican has devised a mini-lift to allow John Paul to board and descend from the helicopter without tackling stairs .
The U.S. women , who are defending champions , will play on Sept . 25 in Philadelphia and conclude group competition on Sept . 28 in Columbus , Ohio .
But quartet members are divided 3-1 , the United States against the rest , on whether they should treat Arafat as the representative of the Palestinian people .
The crates are full of hardback copies of " Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix . "
Britain included the accusation in a September 2002 dossier setting out the case for war in Iraq .
Shares of Goodyear rose 2 cents on Wednesday and closed at $ 6.83 .
Physicians who perform the procedure would face up to two years in prison , under the bill .
He then stabbed two passersby as he fled along a promenade by the Mediterranean Sea .
Barnes is one of three politicians honored Monday by the John F. Kennedy Library and Museum with the Profile in Courage Award .
Just as before , it will be up to the Council to decide the direction and process .
Unless their parents submitted a written objection , students , regardless of citizenship status , would be required to participate in the pledges and moment of silence .
Consumers ' assessment of current conditions was less favorable than last month .
Analysts also said they were disappointed by the company 's $ 68 million pre-tax charge for weather-related and overhead costs on its Polar Tanker crude oil tanker program .
British Airways plans to retire its seven Concordes at the end of October .
Agriculture Secretary Luis Lorenzo said there was no damage to the vital rice crop as the harvest had ended .
McCloskey died Sunday afternoon in his home after a year-long battle with bladder cancer .
Gehring waived extradition Monday during a hearing in Santa Clara County Superior Court in San Jose and was expected Tuesday in New Hampshire .
In response to sluggish sales , Cisco pared spending .
US officials accuse regional states , particularly Syria , of not doing enough to prevent foreign fighters from entering Iraq to attack US-led coalition forces .
Defense lawyers cannot appeal the ruling until after trial , in the appellate courts .
Buoyed by advice imparted by Nicklaus , Howell shot an 8-under 64 on Thursday to enter today 's round with a one-stroke lead over Kenny Perry .
The SEC said each bank helped Enron mislead investors by characterizing " what were essentially loan proceeds " as cash from operating activities .
In addition , Hambali laments , " all the group 's savings have been lost to raids and arrests , " and " JI is now totally dependent on al-Qaeda for money . "
Their leader , Abu Bakr al-Azdi , surrendered in June ; his deputy was killed in a shoot-out with Saudi forces recently .
Samudra not present in Bangkok , the indictment said , but attended a series of meetings before the attacks , recruiting fellow bombers and coordinating the operation .
Late Friday evening , forecasters said Erika was 130 miles east of Brownsville and tracking due west at 21 mph with sustained winds of about 70 mph .
Elecia Battle dropped her purse after buying the Mega Millions Lottery ticket last week and believes the ticket blew away .
At issue in yesterday 's case is a Washington state scholarship program that helps high-achieving students pay for studies in fields such as business or engineering , but not theology .
The missing workers , two men and a woman , were inside the building when the first blast occurred , Mayor Joe T. Parker said .
The administration 's hope is that by increasing the efficiency of older coal-fired plants - the most affected segment - more power can be produced more cheaply .
The magnitude 8 earthquake last Friday gutted another tank , consuming 188,700 barrels of crude oil .
Sally Baldwin , from York , was killed instantly when a walkway collapsed and she fell into the machinery at Tiburtina station .
Begg and Abbasi feature on an initial list of six detainees who could be tried by the military tribunal .
The upgrade will be available as a free download for current customers with SmarNet support in January 2004 .
PowderJect 's strong U.S. position will complement Chiron 's European presence , analysts said .
Oran Smith , president of the Palmetto Family Council , said the assassination marked the end of America ’ s innocence , giving way to the if-it-feels-good-do-it 1960s and ’ 70s .
The acquisition has been approved by both companies ' board of directors and is expected to close in the third quarter this year .
He crawled through a narrow , winding canyon , rappelled down a 60-foot cliff , and walked some six miles down the canyon near Canyonlands National Park in southeastern Utah .
Other businesses are volunteering to put the alerts on their electronic signs and billboards .
The e-mails reveal the close relationship between Boeing and the Air Force .
" That sounds more like Stonewall Jackson than Reverend ( Jesse ) Jackson , " he retorted .
Last year , Congress passed similar , though less expensive , buyout legislation for peanut farmers to end that program that also dated from the Depression years .
" I 'm really excited about going to Cleveland , " James told ESPN.com.
A grains management committee normally meets each Thursday in the Commission 's agriculture unit -- another target of Wednesday 's raids -- to decide the outcome of a weekly export tender .
Ray Brent Marsh , 29 , also faces charges of abuse of a body , and theft .
Two more bodies were seen floating down the river on Thursday , but could not be retrieved due to the strong currents , local reporters said .
Each hull produced by the yards will cost about $ 1.4 billion , and the completed submarines will cost about $ 2.2 billion each , Young said .
Tatar was being held without bail in Armstrong County Prison today .
The new analysis found that 32 of 16,608 participants developed ovarian cancer in about 5 1 / 2 years of follow-up , including 20 women taking hormones .
" I 'm delighted that David Chase has decided to give us another chapter in the great Sopranos saga , " said HBO Chairman Chris Albrecht in a statement .
With Johnson 's injury , the fight card at the Staples Center in Los Angeles is in question .
The Hispanic population increased by 9.8per cent from the April 2000 census figures , despite less favourable social and economic conditions than in the 1990s .
Spitzer was among a group of federal and state regulators who negotiated a $ 1.4 billion settlement with 10 brokerages over analyst conflict-of-interest allegations .
At the end of the second quarter , Intel initially predicted sales of between $ 6.9 billion and $ 7.5 billion .
Shortness was found twice as often in those with hearing loss .
The incident began at 9 : 40 a.m. when deputies said they received a phone call requesting assistance with a domestic disturbance at the home in the 54-300 block of Avenida Velasco .
Morales , who pleaded guilty in July , expressed " sincere regret and remorse " for his crimes .
Belcher said the airport 's conference room was serving as a makeshift shelter for several area families who hiked up the wooded hillside in advance of rising water .
The Swedish central bank cut interest rates by 50 basis points to 3.0 percent .
Those numbers showed the U.S. economy shed another 48,000 jobs in April , while the jobless rate jumped to 6 per cent .
" I carried 100 percent of the votes in San Jose - of all the Austrian-born body builders , " Schwarzenegger quipped .
Symptoms include chronic diarrhoea , abdominal pain , weight loss and extreme tiredness .
Boston Scientific said it has gained 51 percent of the coated-stent market in Europe .
Moore , the suspended chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court , stands trial before the Alabama Court of the Judiciary .
Associated Press Writer Carolyn Thompson contributed to this report from Buffalo .
The two invading countries later fell out , and have since backed rival factions .
Mr. Ballmer held a split-adjusted 470.9 million Microsoft shares as of Sept . 9 - second only to Chairman Bill Gates .
The UMass president , who testified before a congressional committee last week , has acknowledged talking to him once since he went on the lam in 1995 .
Rain and runoff from heavy snow sent a mountain creek on a rampage , washing out a culvert and opening a 22-foot-wide sinkhole in Interstate 70 east of Vail .
Stardust was designed to gather thousands of dust particles streaming from Wild 2 .
Intel Corp. ' s second-quarter profits doubled and revenues grew 8 percent from a year ago as the chip-making giant reported stronger-than-expected demand for personal computer microprocessors .
Rice ( 57-12 ) and Stanford ( 51-17 ) will meet in a winner-take-all matchup at 6 : 05 p.m. Monday .
The Korean Air deal is expected to be finalized " in the next several weeks , " Boeing spokesman Bob Saling said .
Mr. Mills declined to comment yesterday , saying that he never discussed personnel matters .
Amnesty International said that over the past 20 years it had collected information about 17,000 disappearances in Iraq .
The jury asked to have Mr. Quattrone 's testimony about his role in the allocation of stock offerings read to them .
" The EU regulatory system for GM authorisation is in line with WTO rules : it is clear , transparent and non-discriminatory .
The House has passed bills the past two Congresses , but the Senate has not .
Jail warden Gene Fischi said said Selenski and Bolton broke their 12-inch-by-18-inch cell window , threw a mattress to the ground and shimmied down the rope to a second-story roof .
Under the agreement , the settling companies will also assign their potential claims against the underwriters to the investors , he added .
Each week 138 million shoppers visit Wal-Mart 's 4,750 stores .
Sunnis make up 77 percent of Pakistan 's population , Shiites 20 percent .
Snow 's interview was conducted on Friday but embargoed until Tuesday .
He was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Sandra Day O 'Connor and Antonin Scalia .
Both markets rallied last week on bets the Fed will lower rates at its next meeting June 24 and 25 .
Hernandez filed an Equal Employment Opportunity Commission complaint and sued .
Palm said on Wednesday it plans to buy Handspring , a company created by renegade Palm co-founder Jeff Hawkins .
A home handyman is building a missile in his garage with parts bought over the internet and shipped through Customs .
Wal-Mart has told its top 100 suppliers that they 'll need to have radio-frequency ID systems in place for tracking pallets of goods through the supply chain by Jan. 25 , 2005 .
Democrats dominate the Assembly while Republicans control the Senate .
The team has named the sensor Canary , for cellular analysis and notification of antigen risks and yields .
The technique is used during the second and , occasionally , third trimester of pregnancy .
Ankara says all four suicide bombers were Turkish .
Zambrano pitched seven innings and allowed two runs on five hits and four walks .
Board Chairman Henny de Ruiter offered shareholders at the meeting his " sincere apologies " for events at Foodservice and elsewhere in the embattled group .
The Nasdaq composite index fell 2.95 , or 0.2 percent , for the week to 1,912.36 after stumbling 37.78 yesterday .
This led last month to the recovery of the 600-pound Cancun altar , Vanderbilt University in Nashville and the National Geographic Society announced Wednesday .
Later this year , the command will send trainers with soldiers from four North African nations on patrolling and intelligence gathering missions .
The latest in the kingdom 's almost weekly raids on alleged terror cells comes after a US Congress report accused Saudi Arabia of not doing enough to counter terrorism .
The new deal would be valued at $ 1.75 billion , including $ 863 million in cash and 52.6 million PeopleSoft shares .
Later Tuesday , Graham was expected to be re-elected for a second one-year term .
While news on consumer confidence rising is welcomed , it is not a factor in determining gross domestic product whereas new home sales do .
Altria Group Inc . MO.N fell 50 cents , or 1.2 percent , to $ 41.81 .
His comments diluted remarks reported in an interview on Tuesday saying the ECB had not exhausted its ammunition for rate cuts .
" It would be completely irresponsible to reverse course , " said Senate Democratic Leader Tom Daschle , of South Dakota .
The bomb exploded in Helmand Province aboard a bus headed for the provincial capital , Lashkar Gah , according to wire reports .
She says she stayed in the marriage because she still loved him , although , " as a wife , I wanted to wring Bill 's neck " .
Yee is a 1990 graduate of the U.S. Military Academy at West Point , New York .
The cargo was to be taken to a Turkish refinery on the Aegean coast .
A separate case seeking to renegotiate contracts was filed by Sierra Pacific Resources SRP.N utility Nevada Power Co. and two municipal utilities .
Sheriff 's Department spokesman Chris Saunders said the man told them he was frustrated by the Postal Service 's response to an accident involving a postal vehicle .
This solution includes the BTS 10200 soft switch , uBR7246VXR cable modem termination system and MGX 8850 voice gateway products .
The Department of Foreign Affairs yesterday updated its travel warning on Indonesia , recommending all non-essential travel be deferred because of concerns that more terrorist attacks were planned .
Malvo , 18 , is charged in the fatal shooting of FBI analyst Linda Franklin outside a Home Depot store in Falls Church .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was down 1.55 points , or 0.09 percent , at 1,744.91 .
It is the first major industrial plant project that Leighton has managed .
The battle around VeriSign " s three-week-old Site Finder service rages on .
Engleman said the final report on the investigation could take as long as a year .
Among other things , Microsoft is to comment on proposed remedies in its response .
That is up from $ 1.14 billion during the same quarter last year .
In New York , the Dow Jones industrial average a gauge of 30 blue chip stocks was up 3.29 points or 0.04 per cent to 8,585.97 .
The Mets took Lastings Milledge , an outfielder from Florida , with the 12th pick .
Runners are often injured by bulls and 13 have been killed since 1900 .
The treaty must be signed by the president and ratified by Congress to take effect .
Despite problems in the job market , the latest snapshot of the labor markets was slightly better than economists were expecting .
The issue is unlikely to be resolved until Congress reconvenes in early September .
In addition , " fewer than 10 " FBI offices have conducted investigations involving visits to Islamic mosques , the Justice Department said .
Shares of Express Scripts ESRX.O fell about 4 percent to $ 66.73 on the Nasdaq in late morning trade .
It 's the National Audubon Society 's annual Christmas Bird Count , now in its 104th season .
Doctors concluded Erbitux , the cancer drug that enmeshed ImClone Systems in an insider trading scandal , worked just as well as an earlier company-sponsored study said it did .
The department ordered a 12 percent reduction for State Farm Lloyds , the state 's largest insurer , and an 18.2 percent reduction for Allstate Texas Lloyds , the third-largest .
The main psychologist in the Rodriguez case , Dwight Close , referred questions to an agency spokeswoman , who didn 't immediately return a call .
Dmitri Young was the fourth overall selection by St. Louis in the 1991 draft .
" We 're not looking for a Robin Hood remedy , " said Michael Rebell , the campaign 's executive director .
Global Crossing wants documents related to the regulatory-approval process and information on XO Chief Executive Carl J. Grivner , who used to be Global Crossing & apos ; s chief operating officer .
Tornadoes continue to tear across the U.S. Midwest after ripping through six states , killing as many as 29 people , the Associated Press reported .
" I have lots of bad dreams , flashbacks and lots of anger . "
Designed to compete with Microsoft Corp. , Project Mad Hatter is being positioned by Sun as a cheaper , secure alternative desktop operating system to Microsoft 's various desktop offerings .
With 97 percent of precincts counted tonight , 68 percent of voters opposed the tax .
In Kingston , only about 15 percent of students who took the exam passed it .
His spokesman Jim Kennedy said the former president also gave more than 70 speeches in 2002 without compensation .
Anger grew after a police van injured several protesters by speeding through the crowd .
Close cooperation between regional law enforcement agencies and intelligence services was at the heart of the fight against terrorism , he said .
He also recruited other people to take delivery of fraudulently obtained merchandise he had ordered .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was off 11.64 points , or 0.60 percent , at 1,912.65 .
The security official 's backup was on active duty , and the lottery association didn 't have a replacement in New Jersey , Strutt said .
Kaichen 's former landlord , Carol Halperin of Chappaqua , said Kaichen claimed to have volunteered at Ground Zero in the aftermath of the attack .
The program spreads further only when a computer user selects the attached program that then secretly mails itself to e-mail addresses stored in the user 's computer .
Wyoming and New Mexico reported their first deaths from the virus this past week .
The head of the intelligence service under Mr. Fujimori , Vladimiro Montesinos , was accused of tortures and disappearances .
Air Commodore Dave Pietsch said the main concern was a September 11-style aircraft suicide attack .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index < .SPX > gained 5.51 points , or 0.56 percent , to 981.73 .
After Saddam 's regime crumbled in early April , legal hurdles had to be cleared before sales could resume .
Douglas Robinson , CA senior vice president , finance , will fill the position in the interim .
Emile Laroza , 51 , contracted SARS while working as a nurse at North York General Hospital , the epicentre of the second SARS outbreak .
Scruggs refused to comment as she left the courthouse but her lawyer , Reese Norris , called the verdict an injustice .
He suddenly found himself confronted with dozens of panicked guests and face to face with one of three men who led the attacks .
At least 1,752 people were ordered to evacuate their homes in the north part of Marquette about 8 : 45 a.m. EDT , said Steve Powers , Marquette County administrator .
Kerry was viewed favorably by 66 percent of those polled ; Dean at 57 percent .
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI tacked on 97 points , or 1.14 percent , to 8,699 .
He is roughly halfway to his goal of raising between $ 150 million and $ 170 million in the primaries .
The results were announced at a NASA headquarters news conference Thursday and in today 's issue of the journal Science .
The five main banks are ABN AMRO AAH.AS , ING ING.AS , J.P. Morgan JPM.N , Goldman Sachs GS.N and Rabobank [ RABN.UL ] .
" We are aware of the situation , " said Assistant US Attorney Todd Greenberg , a counter-terrorism prosecutor in Seattle .
Four months later it signed a joint marketing agreement with Hewlett-Packard Co .
Ridge said that no actual explosives or other harmful substances will be used .
US officials say the six , like other prisoners at Guantanamo , were suspected of involvement with al-Qaeda , Afghanistan 's Taliban or some other group .
During her two-day visit , Rocca will not meet the rebels since the United States has banned them as a " terrorist organisation " .
The matter could then be sent to the U.N. Security Council .
The new worm affects these Windows systems : 2000 , XP , NT 4.0 and Server 2003 .
" All of a sudden , it 's like a bullet went through them - it 's like a state of shock .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 Index gained 10.89 , or 1.2 percent , to 931.12 as of 12 : 01 p.m. in New York .
LIPA Chairman Richard Kessel said that meant the cable could be used " as we see fit .
There is only one drug on the market for macular degeneration , and it is approved for the treatment of one subtype representing a minority of cases .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX was off 1.07 points , or 0.11 percent , at 1,010.59 .
Six new Krispy Kreme stores were opened in the first quarter , bringing the total number of stores to 282 .
They will not elect as president a Democrat who sounds an uncertain trumpet in these dangerous times . "
Vermillion , Posey and Madison County populations will decline .
" We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight , " Daschle of South Dakota wrote the Republican president .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index < .IXIC > climbed 19.11 points , or 1.2 percent , to 1,615.02 .
" I am advised that certain allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my counsel , J. Michael Boxley , ' ' the Silver statement said . "
WorldCom 's financial troubles came to light last year and the company subsequently filed for bankruptcy in July , 2002 .
NASA plans to explore the Red Planet with ever more sophisticated robotic orbiters and landers .
NASA is scheduled to launch the Space Infrared Telescope Facility on Monday morning .
Wells ' other series include NBC 's " ER " and " Third Watch . "
It seemed like an isolated incident , ' ' said graduate Ariel Dean of Washington , D.C.
Art historians said it was one of the significant art thefts in Europe in recent years .
Taking the pill would lower the risk of heart attack by 88 percent and of stroke by 80 percent , the scientists said .
On Thursday , a Post article argued that a 50 basis point cut from the Fed was more likely .
The Standard & Poor 's Oil and Gas Exploration Index < .GSPOILP > was up 3.6 percent .
The change will take time , but Nardelli said it is necessary for the nation 's largest home improvement store chain if it is to grow amid increasing competition .
If no candidate wins more than 50 percent of the vote , the top two vote-getters are headed to a runoff on June 3 .
JetBlue shares fell $ 1.86 , or 5.4 percent , to $ 32.75 in late morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market after the deal was announced .
Meningitis is an infection of the fluid in a person 's spinal cord and around the brain .
But she 'll earn more than the $ 900000 ( about R7.5-million ) Kenny Perry got for winning .
The Federal Trade Commission asked Congress yesterday for broader powers to attack the rapidly growing problem of spam , which new studies show accounts for half of all e-mail traffic .
As more than 100 people sentenced to death have been exonerated across the nation , other states have abridged or considered abridging the use of the death penalty .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX gave up 11.91 points , or 1.19 percent , at 986.60 .
Dennehy , who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the team at New Mexico for temper tantrums , became a born-again Christian in June 2002 . "
" As a professional , I 'd like to be thought of as a storyteller . "
Bremer , 61 , is a former assistant to former Secretaries of State William P. Rogers and Henry Kissinger .
Today , Dean ends his four-day , 10-city " Sleepless Summer " tour in Chicago and New York .
His family approached the federal defender 's office in Sacramento Friday about arranging his surrender .
The Telegraph can reveal that Sir John Stevens , the Metropolitan Police Commissioner , placed his force on its highest alert last week .
The son of circus trapeze artists turned vaudevillians , O 'Connor was carried onstage for applause when he was 3 days old .
" The commission 's staff believes that Lay has personal knowledge of several matters under investigation , " the SEC said .
The federal standard for ozone is 0.12 parts per million .
National City 's stock ended the day at $ 32.58 , up 9 cents , in trading on the New York Stock Exchange .
The third appointment was to a new job , executive vice president and chief staff officer .
License sales , a key measure of demand , fell 21 percent to $ 107.6 million .
Closer Eric Gagne earned his 17th save in as many opportunities as he struck out three of the four batters he faced in the ninth .
Seven 20- and 21-year-old male cadets were caught in an off-campus hotel room early Saturday with two female teens , 16 and 18 years .
The governor is going to Jackson , where 13 people were killed .
Shares of M & T , which is based in Buffalo , fell 41 cents , to $ 91.51 .
Terrance 's father , Terrance Cottrell Sr. , told the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel on Monday that he wants everyone involved in his son 's death to be held responsible .
The gain came as a result of fewer credit losses and lower interest rates .
EDS is " in the process of responding to a subpoena and providing documents and information to the SEC , " the company said .
Born in 1953 in Baghdad , she is the daughter of Saleh Mahdi Ammash , a former vice-president , defence minister and member of the Baath party 's leadership .
Sliding down the embankment , the two rescuers hit the spongy , rocky floor of the river and immediately felt the pull .
While some other parts of Africa have been used as Al Qaeda staging grounds , Malawi had previously not been a major focus of investigations into the group .
" It seems to me they are attempting to protect privacy of theft . "
Current Chief Operating Officer Mike Butcher and Group Chief Financial Officer Alex Arena will report to So .
" I didn 't think our team engaged at all , " lamented Anaheim coach Mike Babcock .
In late-morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market , Corixa was up 74 cents , or 10 % , at $ 7.94 .
The currency briefly weakened on Monday morning but rebounded to trade at 55.25 / 29 , little changed from Friday .
The Nasdaq had a weekly gain of 17.27 , or 1.2 percent , closing at 1,520.15 after gaining 30.46 yesterday .
After a weak start , the Dow Jones Industrial Average ended the day up 26.26 to 9,217.35 , while the S & P 500 index rose 3 to 980.59 .
Studabaker told the court he would not contest extradition and German prosecutors have ruled out any charges here , meaning extradition " could happen very soon , " Ullrich said .
Richard Miller , 57 , survived a lifesaving liver transplant but remains hospitalized .
Basically , the plaintiffs did not show that omissions in Merrill 's research caused the claimed losses .
Consumer groups oppose the changes , saying they would concentrate too many outlets in too few media empires .
Hollywood actor Robert De Niro has been diagnosed with prostate cancer , his spokesman said today .
Full classes of 48 are booked through September , he said , and the Transportation Security Administration plans to double its classes in January .
" The case has been ready to go for some time , " said Dahle , a spokesman for the Birmingham office .
The searches were conducted simultaneously with raids on strip clubs in San Diego and Las Vegas .
Their differences on energy and Medicare have become so pointed other members say it is embarrassing to the party .
" Short workers had worse hearing than expected by age -- three times more often than taller workers , " writes Barrenas .
Macugen dries up those blood vessels by blocking a protein in the body called vascular endothelial growth factor that promotes blood vessel growth .
Other countries are owed at least $ US80 billion ( $ 108.52 billion ) .
Since posting a $ 3 million bond , Jackson has been keeping a low profile in Las Vegas , where he had been filming a music video .
Mr. Malik assured him that he would be considered a martyr if anything happened to him as a result of his trip , the witness said .
Mr Levine said she had been offered $ 400,000 to tell her story to an Australian TV network .
Southwest said its traffic was up 4.6 percent in the quarter on a capacity increase of 4.2 percent .
The cradle for the h2200 has space for recharging a second battery .
The U.S. administration cranked up concerns of impending natural gas shortages yesterday , a supply crunch that officials said " will touch virtually every American . "
The man was trapped about 250 feet from the shore , right at the edge of the falls .
The virus killed 44 people in the Toronto area , including one doctor and two nurses .
Shares of LendingTree rose $ 6.03 , or 41 percent , to close at $ 20.72 on the Nasdaq stock market yesterday .
Shares of EDS closed Thursday at $ 18.51 , up 6 cents on the New York Stock Exchange .
Zahid and Paveen Sharif were arrested in Derbyshire and Tabassum , Mr Sharif 's wife , in Nottinghamshire , last Friday .
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reports there have been 1,602 human cases of West Nile virus nationwide this year and 28 deaths .
The move came after Culture Minister Jean-Jacques Aillagon announced the government would impose cuts to unemployment benefits despite howls of protest from actors .
The Senate might support capping noneconomic damages beyond the $ 250,000 Gov. Jeb Bush proposes , said Senate President Jim King .
Still , officials said it will take several more months of testing to determine whether the anthrax spores have been successfully killed .
That second dossier , passed to journalists on Mr Blair 's trip to Washington to discuss war plans , said it drew upon " a number of sources , including intelligence material " .
Mark Beaumont , a staff writer at music magazine NME , said he doesn 't expect a rapturous welcome for Jackson if he goes ahead with his visit to England .
At least 80 will make it to Thursday 's final rounds of competition , which will be broadcast on ESPN .
But he also told the House Judiciary Committee the law " has several weaknesses which terrorists could exploit , undermining our defenses . "
Stanford ( 46-15 ) plays South Carolina ( 44-20 ) on Friday in the opening game of the double-elimination tournament .
Cavender did say : " I felt that if I disagreed with Rosie too much I would lose my job . "
Texas , which has more than three times Michigan 's inmate population , is treating 328 of its 16,298 infected inmates .
Moroccan Interior Minister Al Mustapha Sahel told state-run 2M television late Saturday the investigation " points to a group that has been arrested recently " an apparent reference to Salafist Jihad .
Trans fats are created when vegetable oil has been partially hydrogenated , solidifying it and increasing the shelf life of certain products .
Kay was sent to Iraq this summer to coordinate efforts to find the weapons that U.S. intelligence reported before the war that Saddam Hussein had .
Those talks have not taken place , according to an Oracle spokeswoman .
Moore of Alabama says he will appeal his case to the nation 's highest court .
Secretary of State Colin Powell said yesterday that contacts with Iran would continue .
The Regents math exam is required for graduation , but Mills reversed course after an estimated 63 percent of students statewide failed the exam .
OKeefe called Bridges , a retired Air Force Major General , to ask him to switch centers on Wednesday .
This action in no way reduces our commitment to the North American market or changes our long-term plan for growth , " O 'Neill said .
The deep-sea adventure netted the top spot at the box office Sunday with an estimated $ 70.6 million US opening weekend .
" PeopleSoft 's management 's entrenchment tactics continue to destroy the value of the company for its shareholders , " Oracle spokeswoman Jennifer Glass said Tuesday .
They said they only wanted to be entertaining and win the a prize and were fired for exercising free-speech rights .
The banks neither admitted nor denied the charges as part of the agreement .
Elan would receive an additional $ 25 million in January if Skelaxin retains patent exclusivity and would also get a five percent share of sales from 2005 .
Attorney Mitchell Garabedian , who represents many young men who say they were molested by Geoghan , said he was shocked and surprised to hear of Geoghan 's death .
Mr Blair went on : " I think we did the right thing in relation to Iraq .
If it 's the Sunday night before Comdex , it must be time for yet another Bill Gates keynote .
Trailing the Londoners by eight points two months ago , United rallied from its worst league start since 1989 with an unbeaten streak starting Dec. 26 .
The Dow Jones industrial average < .DJI > was off 7.75 points , or 0.08 percent , at 9,175.47 .
James Rohr , chairman and chief executive officer , said PNC regretted the incident .
An audiotape aired last week by the Arab al-Jazeera television network may be the strongest evidence yet that Saddam survived the war .
One senior officer said : " He 's made it plain that if we think we are facing a suicide bomber , we should shoot first and ask questions later . "
MedImmune Vaccines , the maker of FluMist , made between 4 million and 5 million doses this year .
Warden Gene Fischi said the two inmates broke a 12-by-18-inch cell window , threw a mattress to the ground , and clambered down the makeshift rope to a second-story roof .
The identical rovers will act as robotic geologists , searching for evidence of past water .
Less than 20 percent of Boise 's sales would come from making lumber and paper after the OfficeMax purchase is completed .
Spider-Man snatched $ 114.7 million in its debut last year and went on to capture $ 403.7 million .
The 2002 second quarter results don 't include figures from our friends at Compaq .
Solomon 5.5 is available initially in the United States and Canada , for a starting price of about $ 12,700 .
The family stopped for lunch at Freshwater Spit , where several children went to the water 's edge to play in the surf shortly after noon .
GM 's offering is also expected to include about $ 3.5 billion in convertible securities .
Those in their twenties who ejaculated more than five times a week were one-third less likely to develop aggressive prostate cancer later in life , they say .
The draft of the report was forthright : " Climate change has global consequences for human health and the environment . "
Drug developer Inspire Pharmaceuticals Inc . ISPH.O tumbled $ 2.17 , or 13.4 percent , to $ 13.98 .
" This sale is part of our efforts to simplify our Foodservice Products business and improve its cost structure , " Multifoods chairman and chief executive officer Gary Costley said .
He had said before the meeting that he planned to urge Chinese officials to move quickly to adopt a more flexible currency system .
The United States has accused Iran of masking plans to make nuclear weapons behind a civilian nuclear programme .
Gov. Rick Perry has said that while he opposes gambling expansion , he would be reluctant to veto continuation of the Lottery Commission .
Farmland Foods President George Richter said , " With Smithfield 's support and leadership , Farmland Foods will succeed and continue to sustain the Midwestern communities which depend on it . "
Nterprise Linux Services is expected to be available before then end of this year .
Oh yeah , Miami , Boston College and Syracuse leaving the Big East to take a seat in the Atlantic Coast Conference .
We are currently trying to understand the scope and details of the investigation . . . .
Moore was expected to be discharged from the hospital Thursday or Friday , according to Jackie Green , a spokeswoman for the show 's press agent .
" Fighting continued until midnight , " western rebel commander Ousmane Coulibaly told Reuters by satellite phone on Sunday .
Microsoft favors setting up " independent e-mail trust authorities to establish and maintain commercial email guidelines , certify senders who follow the guidelines , and resolve customer disputes . "
Though the legal age for marriage in Romania is 18 , the country generally tolerates the Gypsy tradition of arranged child weddings .
Ruffner , 45 , doesn 't yet have an attorney in the murder charge , authorities said .
" The timing of [ the miniseries ] is absolutely staggering to me , " Nancy Reagan said in a statement to Fox News Channel last week .
She was arraigned in New York state on three counts of murder and ordered held without bail .
The new effort , Taxpayers Against the Recall , will be formally launched Wednesday outside a Sacramento fire station .
The Commerce ruling Tuesday will impose a 44.71 percent tariff on dynamic random access memory semiconductors ( DRAMS ) made by Hynix Semiconductor Inc .
" We need to change old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual . "
Currently , the state 's congressional delegation is made up of 17 Democrats and 15 Republicans .
But its most popular comedy , Friends , is going into its last season .
Five more human cases of West Nile virus , were reported by the Mesa County Health Department on Wednesday .
When a manager let him into the apartment , the youngster was in a baby 's bathtub , covered with a towel and watching a TV cartoon channel .
Watson , of Whitakers , N.C. , was found guilty of making a false threat to detonate explosives , and destruction of federal property .
A passer-by found Ben hiding along a dirt road in Spanish Fork Canyon about 7 p.m. , with his hands still taped together but his feet free .
The singer has been on a ventilator since the crash at his Buckinghamshire estate last night , but his condition was described as “ stable ” and “ comfortable ” .
He is accused of obstructing justice , witness tampering and destroying evidence .
In Taiwan , the capital 's mayor and other officials handed out free thermometers in a islandwide ``take-your-temperature ' ' campaign Sunday , amid evidence that containment efforts were also paying off .
After consulting with experts , he said he was advised a delay will give Luna his best chance of reuniting with " L " Pod , his family .
The official would not name the leakers for the record and said he had no indication that Mr Bush knew about the calls .
But he added , " Once the problem grew to a certain magnitude , nothing could have been done to prevent it from cascading out of control . "
Klitschko said : " I 'm excited to box in Los Angeles first and then against Lennox Lewis .
With the exception of dancing , physical activity did not decrease the risk .
On April 11 , Mayor Bart Peterson said it was " inconceivable " that the airline would resume operations at the base that had employed 1,500 workers , including 1,100 mechanics .
Sobig.F became one of the most widespread viruses ever , crippling corporate e-mail networks and filling home users ' inboxes with a glut of messages .
Shares of Pleasanton-based PeopleSoft rose 4 cents , to $ 16.96 , in Monday trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market .
Feral 's group was behind a successful tourism boycott about a decade ago that resulted in then-Gov . Walter J. Hickel imposing a moratorium on wolf control in 1992 .
In December 1998 , a 33-year-old woman died when she was hit by a metal cleat that came loose from the Columbia sailing ship .
The Aspen fire had charred more than 12,400 acres by Monday on Mount Lemmon just north of Tucson and more than 250 homes had been destroyed .
An experimental drug can slow the loss of vision caused by an eye disease that is the leading cause of blindness among the elderly , researchers have found .
" These are defining moments for players and organizations , " Anaheim coach Mike Babcock said .
Missouri Gov. Bob Holden asked the White House to declare a federal disaster in 39 counties .
Ride , astronauts Story Musgrave , Robert " Hoot " Gibson and Daniel Brandenstein will enter the hall of fame together .
In a conference call with reporters , RNC Chairman Ed Gillespie said he sent the request to CBS Television President Leslie Moonves .
The chip also features an updated LongRun power and heat management system .
Prosecutors filed a motion informing Lee they intend to seek the death penalty .
Officer Evans did not respond to requests for an interview last week .
There are a total of 659 women enrolled at the academy , the report said .
" If that ain 't a Democrat , then I must be at the wrong meeting , " he said to a standing ovation .
" United is continuing to deliver major cost reductions and is now coupling that effort with significant unit revenue improvement , " chief financial officer Jake Brace said in a statement .
" The longer this series goes , the better chance Dirk has to play . "
Authorities said the bodies of a man and woman were recovered on Friday from a camping ground in nearby Devore , where a wall of mud destroyed 32 caravans .
Handset market share for the second quarter , it said , is higher than the first quarter .
The ministers also intend to initiate plans for a national centre for disease control .
Veritas said new customers can buy Bare Metal Restore for $ 900 per Windows client and $ 1,000 per Unix client .
When police removed the four from the home , they weighed 136 pounds combined .
At present , the FCC will not request personal identifying information prior to allowing access to the wireless network .
This year , local health departments hired part-time water samplers and purchased testing equipment with a $ 282,355 grant from the Environmental Protection Agency .
Since Perkins ' arrival at UConn in 1990 from Maryland , UConn has fielded six national championship teams in three sports - men 's and women 's basketball and men 's soccer .
Idaho Gem also is the first sterile animal to be cloned .
Instead , tickets for the Jersey jam went on sale last night through Ticketmaster .
CIA Director George Tenet said the two men were " defined by dedication and courage . "
Southwest exercised nine 2004 options and six 2005 options , which were accelerated for delivery next year .
A 1991 Florida straw poll helped catapult a little-known Bill Clinton to national prominence .
In 1995 , Schwarzenegger expanded the program nationwide to serve 200,000 children in 15 cities , most who come from housing projects or homeless shelters .
North American markets finished mixed in directionless trading Monday as earnings season begins to slow and economic indicators move into the spotlight .
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman , who announced Tuesdays ban , also said Washington would send a technical team to Canada to help .
The euro soared to US $ 1.1914 in Asian trading , before slipping back slightly to US $ 1.1895 as trading opened in Europe .
Larger rivals , including Tesco and Sainsbury ’ s , were excluded from the bid battle following a Competition Commission inquiry last month .
Yesterday 's ruling is a great first step toward better coverage for poor Maine residents , he said , but there is more to be done .
Hedge funds came under renewed scrutiny recently when New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer unveiled a probe of illegal trading in mutual fund shares .
The law does not regulate how much individuals can contribute to their own campaigns , a decided advantage for millionaires like Mr. Schwarzenegger and Mr. Ueberroth , both Republican candidates .
A federal appeals court yesterday reinstated perjury charges against a San Diego student accused of lying about his association with 9 / 11 hijackers .
The legislation came after U.S. District Judge Lee R. West in Oklahoma City ruled last week that the FTC lacked authority to run the registry .
The male eagle was found by a zookeeper early Thursday , suffering from severe puncture wounds in his abdomen .
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI climbed 179.97 points , or 2.09 percent , to 8,781.35 , ending at its highest level since mid-January .
The specific product that is the subject of the petition , 6000 series aluminium alloy rolled plate , is used for general-purpose engineering , tooling and die applications .
" We 're still confident that Gephardt will get the lion 's share of union support . "
He said the local organized crime police were investigating a suspect , but he would not confirm if it was the 24-year-old cited by Bitdefender .
He said the district had been waiting for the subpoenas and had always planned to comply once it received them .
Yesterday , two Japanese diplomats were killed in an apparent ambush near Tikrit , 175 kilometres north of the capital .
Mr Hadley , who has a new partner and child , said : " I am absolutely delighted .
The bank also said its offer was subject to the agreement of Drax 's senior banks , senior bond holders and hedging banks by 30 September 2003 .
The proposal also may help Bloomfield Hills-based Taubman Centers Inc. fend off a takeover from Indianapoils-based shopping mall operator Simon Property Group Inc .
EU ministers were invited to the conference but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform , said Gerry Kiely , a EU agriculture representative in Washington .
RJR spends an estimated $ 30 million annually on NASCAR .
The Dow Jones industrial average closed down 18.06 , or 0.2 per cent , at 9266.51 .
The legislation , which now goes to the full House , would amend the state 's 1988 corporate takeover law .
Dennehy , 21 , hasn 't been heard from in more than two weeks , and police suspect he was killed in the Waco area .
But Mr Robinson urged the voters to be " kind and sensitive and gentle " to the believers who " will not understand what you 've done here today " .
He was eventually taken to London 's Hammersmith hospital , where doctors regulated Blair 's heart beat via electric shock .
Media giant Vivendi Universal EAUG.PA V.N set to work sifting through bids for its U.S. entertainment empire on Monday in a multibillion-dollar auction of some of Hollywood 's best-known assets .
The 19 face charges including racketeering , conspiracy , organized fraud , grand theft and illegal drug sales , all felonies carrying penalties of five to 30 years in prison .
Sweeney said he would formally announce the formation of the new union on Wednesday in Detroit .
Schools that fail to meet state goals for three years in a row must offer tutoring in addition to transfers .
He said it was a mistake , and he reimbursed the party nearly $ 2,000 .
On a positive note , C & W 's estimated lease commitments -- one potential hurdle to U.S. exit -- fell 600 million pounds to 1.6 billion .
Wyeth estimates that 1.2 million women continue to take Prempro pills , down from about 3.4 million before the study was halted last summer .
The Metropolitan Transportation Authority was given two weeks to restore the $ 1.50 fare and the old commuter railroad rates , York declared .
That was a reversal from a loss of $ 35 million , or 20 cents , a year earlier .
Another brother , Ali Imron , was sentenced to life in prison after cooperating with investigators and showing remorse .
There had been fears that the 35 year-old wouldn 't be able to conceive after suffering two ectopic pregnancies and cancer of the uterus .
Also arrested Friday was Claudia Carrizales de Villa , 34 , a Mexican citizen who lives in Harlingen .
At 10 p.m. , Odette was centered about 295 miles south-southeast of Kingston , Jamaica , and was moving northeast near 8 mph .
Scientists have reported a 90 percent decline in large predatory fish in the world 's oceans since a half century ago .
Congo 's many-sided war began in 1998 when Uganda and Rwanda invaded to back rebels fighting to topple the government in Kinshasa .
Rosenthal declined comment on the Garrett situation Tuesday but said in a statement : " We had a big contract negotiation .
" The same three Response Team members also met with Monsignor Grass , who while manifestly repentant , admitted that the allegations were true .
Dotson admitted to FBI agents that he shot Dennehy in the head " because Patrick had tried to shoot him , " according to an arrest warrant released Tuesday .
Fidelity Investments , the nation 's largest mutual-fund company , said it received a subpoena from New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer 's office regarding its investigation to potential fund-trading abuses .
The purchase is the largest conservation transaction in Hawaii 's history , the agencies said .
I wanted to bring the most beautiful people into the most beautiful building , he said Sunday inside the Grand Central concourse .
Chief Executive Rod Eddington is to meet the three unions separately on Monday afternoon .
The decomposed remains of 17-year-old Max Guarino of Manhattan were found floating near City Island April 25 .
Neighboring Canada has just decided to legalize same-sex marriage , and they have high hopes that Massachusetts ' supreme court will take a similar step soon .
Its legal representatives began meeting with plaintiffs ' attorneys last week to discuss a settlement .
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average < .DJI > jumped 118 points , or 1.36 percent , to 8,829 .
The Java Enterprise System bundles a slew of Sun software for a yearly subscription of $ 100 per employee .
The industry is working with the FDA " to get firm answers and not just speculation , " he told Reuters Health .
Under the plan , Maine would act as a " pharmacy benefit manager " to lower the cost of prescription drugs .
Arison said Mann may have been one of the pioneers of the world music movement and he had a deep love of Brazilian music .
In addition , the committee noted , " while spending is firming , the labour market has been weakening " .
Outside the court , Sriyanto , who faces up to 25 years ' jail , denied he had done anything wrong .
In early afternoon trading , the Dow Jones industrial average was down 18.42 , or 0.2 percent , at 8,569.94 .
Based on having at least one of the symptoms , most students had been hung over between three and 11 times in the previous year .
Atlantic Coast will continue its operations as a Delta Connections carrier .
Shares of Ahold rose 12 cents , or 2.3 percent , to 5.35 euros in Amsterdam .
Drewes and a friend were playing a game of " ding-dong-ditch " -- ringing doorbells and running away -- in the Woodbury neighborhood in suburban Boca Raton .
Application Intelligence will be included as part of the company 's SmartDefense application , which is included with Firewall-1 .
Additionally , early voting will be conducted from 1 to 6 p.m. Sept . 7 .
In 1998 Intel invested $ 500 million in Micron , but later sold the equity it had bought , Mulloy said .
Researchers predicted an additional 23 cases of dementia a year for every 10,000 women on the therapy .
There are only 2,000 Roman Catholics living in Banja Luka now .
Coupling , an American version of a hit British comedy , will get the valuable Thursday 9 : 30 p.m. time slot .
About 25 countries have signed in the past four months , and about half of those have been signed in the past few weeks .
At least seven other governments have signed agreements , but have asked not to have them publicized .
WHO noted that most resistant bacteria growth among humans was due to overuse of antibiotics by doctors -- not due to farmers .
Sony 's portfolio gives subscribers a variety of personalized services including the ability to download and experience images , ring tones , music videos and other music entertainment services .
Mailblocks was founded five years after WebTV was acquired by Microsoft for $ 425 million .
At first blush , then , the distinction drawn by the creators of the do-not-call registry would seem to draw the line in precisely the right place .
The new capabilities will provide IBM customers a way to create , publish , manage and archive Web-based content within a corporate intranet , extranet and Internet environment .
A Lamar mother arrested Saturday in Colorado Springs is accused of drowning her two children in a bathtub before slitting her wrists .
The Fed 's Empire State survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in June , a record high , from 10.6 in May .
It reports a mailing list of 50,000 and support from about 500 congregations and 50 bishops .
Rep. Louise Slaughter , D-N.Y. , declared , " The Congress of the United States has never -- ever -- outlawed a medical procedure .
Tamil parties blame the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam ( LTTE ) for these killings .
Officials with North Carolina Speedway at Rockingham could not be reached .
The new rules will allow a single company to own TV stations that reach 45 percent of U.S. households instead of the old 35 percent .
An amendment to remove the exemption for the state-sanctioned sites failed on a much closer 237-186 vote .
Blair has said there is not ' ' a shred of truth ' ' in allegations the government manipulated evidence , and has resisted calls for a full public inquiry .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX was up 3.41 points , or 0.35 percent , at 967.00 , also its highest close so far this year .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 0.3 per cent at 9,886.75 , while the Nasdaq Composite index was 0.4 per cent higher at 1,986.97 .
The unions also staged a five-day strike in March that forced all but one of Yale 's dining halls to close .
Shares of USA Interactive rose $ 2.28 , or 7 percent , to $ 34.96 on Friday in Nasdaq Stock Market composite trading and have gained 53 percent this year .
An attempt last month in the Senate to keep the fund open for another year fell flat .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index < .IXIC > added 1.92 points , or 0.12 percent , at 1,647.94 .
The state , which previously conducted two triple executions and two double executions , says the policy is designed to reduce stress on its prison staff .
Mr. Bush has credited the Dallas pastor with helping to inspire the idea of using federal dollars to fund faith-based programs .
Although Prempro pills were used in the study , the researchers said they had no evidence that other brands were safer .
Kelly will begin meetings with Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Alexander Losyukov in Washington on Monday .
But right now it looks manageable , " Gehman told reporters .
Other data showed that buyers snapped up new and existing homes at a brisk pace in April , spurred by low mortgage rates .
Police arrested a " potential suspect " Monday in the abduction of a 9-year-old who was found safe after two days , the police chief said .
On Wednesday , Judge Pollack dismissed another case , this one against Merrill Lynch investors in the firm 's Global Technology Fund .
The four fund companies named by Spitzer each said they 're cooperating with his investigation .
AMD reported a net loss of $ 140 million for the quarter ended June 29 , on sales of $ 645 million .
Lucent 's stock shed 6 cents , or 2.7 percent , to close at $ 2.15 after heavy trading on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday .
The equivalent of 75,000 55-gallon barrels of waste thought to contain transuranic waste are stored underground at Hanford .
The G + J executive was testifying in Manhattan 's State Supreme Court where O 'Donnell and G + J are suing each other for breach of contract .
World economic leaders hailed signs of a global revival on Tuesday but agreed it had to be handled with care to prevent any setback .
Mike Austreng , editor of the weekly Cold Spring Record , said he saw one wounded student taken from the school by helicopter .
" We will keep fighting within the law ... against this terrorist group and those who support it . "
The news will be announced Monday morning in Dallas at Tech Ed 2003 during a keynote by Paul Flessner , senior vice president of Microsoft 's Server Platform Division .
All those infected had recent close contact with prairie dogs .
U.S. District Judge Denny Chin said Fox 's claim was " wholly without merit , both factually and legally . "
The Bank of England starts its two-day meeting on Wednesday , but was expected to leave British interest rates steady .
Without comment , the court declined to hear suspended Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore 's appeals .
Before addressing the economy , Bush discussed the terrorist attacks in Saudi Arabia , which killed as many as 29 people , including seven Americans .
South Africa has the world 's highest caseload with 4.7 million people infected with HIV or AIDS .
Tomorrow 's testimony is to give an inside look at tax shelter development and marketing .
Senate passage of the Medicare bill was almost certain , possibly as early as today .
Investigators conducted DNA tests on the stains and ran the results through a national DNA data base in August .
Staff writers Selwyn Crawford and Colleen McCain Nelson and Brian Anderson of DallasNews.com contributed to this report .
His daughter , Nina Axelrod , told The Associated Press that he died in his sleep , apparently of heart failure .
In exchange , North Korea would be required to end its nuclear weapons program .
The pilot decided to fly to Kennedy , which has longer runways than Newark Airport .
Even without call center requests , companies using the handset option must have 95 percent of their customers using the technology by the end of 2005 .
They were not supplied or given to us but unearthed by our reporter , David Blair , in the Foreign Ministry in Baghdad . "
When the butterflies were exposed to constant light , they flew directly towards the sun , presumably because they no longer had any sense of time .
Three each came from Africa , Asia and Latin America .
On the upside , Coca-Cola Co . ( nyse : KO - news - people ) reported higher profit for the quarter early on Thursday , helped by European demand .
The company 's shares fell 3.6 percent to close at $ 66.89 on the Nasdaq .
Roberson was bitten on the back and scratched on the leg , according to her mother , Shamika Woumnm of Dorchester .
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Stock Markets composite index lost the most ground , falling 16.95 points to 1,506,76 .
It appears that the machine was cracked using a ptrace exploit by a local user immediately after the exploit was posted on BugTraq . "
Parson has been charged on one count of intentionally causing or attempting to cause damage to a computer .
Her knees were swollen for days and she still bears scars there and on her legs and ankles .
No charges have been filed in the deaths of the other victims ; Lupas said authorities were making progress in the case .
People who have this disorder absorb excessive amounts of iron which can lead to organ damage .
Neither Iowa State athletic director Bruce Van De Velde nor Morgan could be reached for comment .
Adrian Lamo , 22 , had told reporters he planned to surrender to the FBI in Sacramento Friday , but he then had second thoughts .
Westfield , which owns Galleria in Morley , also will continue discussions about the other co-owned centres such as Knox City in Melbourne , half-owned by Deutsche Bank .
The Intel C + + Compiler for Platform Builder for Microsoft .NET is available for the suggested list price of $ 1,499 and is intended for OEM and system integrator use .
If the companies won 't , their drugs could be prescribed to Medicaid patients only with the state 's say-so .
No charges have been filed in those deaths , but prosecutor David Lupas said authorities were making progress in the case .
The seven other nations in the initiative are Britain , Germany , Italy , the Netherlands , Poland , Portugal and Spain .
Governor Gray Davis estimated yesterday that the fires could cost nearly $ 2 billion .
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 2.09 percent , while the Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX leapt 2.23 percent .
Roberts said he didn 't think excess inventory showed up in Avery 's first quarter , although it might explain the drop and quick recovery in sales this quarter .
Britain has said it will oppose articles calling for closer coordination of tax and economic policy , to uphold the national right of veto .
A big surge in consumer confidence has provided the only positive economic news in recent weeks .
In Damascus , Syrian Information Minister Ahmad al-Hassan called the charges " baseless and illogical " .
The California Farm Bureau did not immediately return calls seeking comment .
He also called Hovan a " person of good reputation " who had worked as a bus driver since 1967 .
Chaudhry was released 56 days later and the Fiji military installed an all-indigenous government led by Qarase , who won democratic elections in September 2001 .
PeopleSoft Inc . ' s board of directors on Friday unanimously rejected Oracle Corp. ' s revised bid of $ 19.50 per share .
The Nasdaq had a weekly gain of 17.27 , or 1.2 percent , closing at 1,520.15 on Friday .
It has also been revealed the boy 's family filed two other abuse-related lawsuits in the past , winning a $ 165,000 settlement in one case .
Those involved were allegedly told to never speak of the incident again , according to the letter .
Excluding legal fees and other charges it expected a loss of between 1 and 4 cents a share .
Southwest 's net income amounted to $ 246 million , or 30 cents per share .
About 700 MONUC troops are based in Bunia , but the force has neither the mandate nor the manpower to stop the fighting .
Despite such optimism , Taiwan 's SARS crisis threatened to whirl out of control this month .
" I make no apologies for the fact that the negotiations have been undertaken largely in secret , " Mr Truss said .
Cubs outfielder Sammy Sosa was suspended for eight games by major league baseball Friday for using a corked bat .
A summary of his remarks says : all the group 's savings have been lost to raids and arrests , and JI is totally dependent on al-Qaeda for money .
Sens. John Kerry and Bob Graham declined invitations to speak .
" We 're optimistic we can deliver the vaccine to these people in time to do good , " said Dr. David Fleming of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
Sutherland is the 65-year-old computing pioneer who co-founded Evans & Sutherland , which made high-performance graphics computers .
" This deal makes good sense for both companies , " said Brian L. Halla , National 's chairman , president and CEO .
And Forrester forecasts that on-demand movie distribution will generate $ 1.4bn by 2005 , while revenue from DVDs and tapes will decline by eight per cent .
General Motors Corp. posted a record 8.4 percent improvement in 2000 .
Associated Press Writer Sara Kugler contributed to this report from New York City .
" The free world and those who love freedom and peace must deal harshly with Hamas and the killers , " he told reporters as he emerged from a church service .
" The lives of American warfighters can be placed at direct risk through illegal transfer of military components , " said Defense Department Inspector General Joseph Schmitz .
U.S. troops encountered no resistance during the five-hour sweep near Tikrit , Saddam Hussein 's hometown and the center of a region of Baath Party supporters .
Their worst-case scenario is the accidental deletion or malicious falsification of ballots from the 1.42 million Californians who could vote on electronic touch-screen machines .
Singapore reported no suspected SARS cases Wednesday , but officials quarantined 70 people who had contact with the Taiwanese patient .
None of Deans opponents picked him as someone to party with , nor was Dean asked that question .
The head of the panel -- Tillie Fowler , a former US representative from Florida -- told present and past commanders that cadets don 't trust them .
" This new division will be focused on the vitally important task of protecting the nation 's cyber assets so that we may best protect the nation ’ s critical infrastructure assets . "
But it is clear that the Joint Intelligence Committee was not involved .
When asked where the weapons were , Rice said : ' ' This is a program that was built for concealment .
Novell is acquiring SuSe Linux in a $ 210 million cash deal subject to regulatory approval .
The migrants were first spotted by a Coast Guard jet around 2 p.m. Tuesday and two small patrol boats were sent to the area , Doss said .
French retirees will increase from one fifth to a third of the population by 2040 .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index < .IXIC > jumped 26 points , or 1.78 percent , to 1,516 .
Shares of Mattel were down 13 cents to $ 19.72 on the New York Stock Exchange .
Water samples are being tested in a state lab to determine what caused the reaction .
He was also expected to visit Yemen and Bahrain during his tour of the region .
" The court expects that 25 years from now , the use of racial preferences will no longer be necessary , " O 'Connor wrote .
Ten , two mobile homes and numerous outbuildings were destroyed by the now-smoldering fire northwest of Boulder .
Government bonds sold off sharply after Greenspan told Congress on Tuesday that the U.S. economy " could very well be embarking on a period of extended growth " .
Only the Intel Corporation has a lower dividend yield .
A divided Supreme Court ruled that Congress can force the nation 's public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters .
The company has said it plans to restate its earnings for 2000 through 2002 .
Boykin ’ s also referred to Islamist fighters as America ’ s “ spiritual enemy ” that , “ will only be defeated if we come against them in the name of Jesus ” .
Annika Sorenstam gets her first opportunity to test that objective this week at the McDonald 's LPGA Championship .
The transaction will expand the revenue from Callebaut 's consumer products business to 45 percent of total sales from 23 percent .
" Accordingly , there needs to be more on the horizon than simply winning a war against terrorism .
The Emeryville-based toy company filed suit Friday in federal court in Wilmington , Del . , claiming Fisher-Price is violating its 1998 patent on interactive learning books for toddlers and preschoolers .
The United States and Britain are seeking backing at the United Nations for their agenda to hand over power to Iraqis .
In interviews with engineers , most of whom have not spoken publicly until now , the lines of discord between NASA 's engineers and managers are evident .
A Stage One alert is declared when ozone readings exceed 0.20 parts per million during a one-hour period .
A spokesman for the U.S. Attorney 's Office in Atlanta also refused to comment .
He urged the US to provide clear rules on what would happen at possible trials .
But he added that the New York-based actor and producer is " a private person and doesn 't care to have his treatment out for public consumption . "
Three Federal Reserve speakers and the Fed 's anecdotal summary of U.S. economic conditions could help firm expectations .
Feelings about current business conditions improved substantially from the first quarter , jumping from 40 to 55 .
Roberts said his committee was briefed about a week ago about the likelihood of a major attack in Saudi Arabia .
Congo 's war began in 1998 when Uganda and Rwanda invaded to back rebels fighting to topple the central government .
Under the settlement , Solutia will pay $ 50 million in equal installments over a period of 10 years .
Geoghan , 68 , was taken to Leominster Hospital , where he was pronounced dead at 1 : 17 p.m.
Shares in the big mortgage lenders also fell to record lows .
Dayton finished 24-6 last season , won the Atlantic-10 Conference championship and was a No. 4 seed in the NCAA Tournament .
They went into the operations of their own free will , " their father Dadollah Bijani said .
On Monday , a suicide bomber blew himself up near the United Nations compound here , killing a security guard as well as himself .
" They were brutally beaten , and it 's really a wonder that Porchia is the only deceased in this case . "
However , prosecutors have declined to take criminal action against guards , though Fine said his inquiry is not finished .
The Institute for Supply Management 's manufacturing index dipped to 53.7 from 54.7 in August .
Based on the history and success of The Winston in Charlotte , I believe theres no place but Lowes Motor Speedway that can do it justice .
Even later in life , he was still cashing in : lately , he earned money by calling fans on the telephone with the service www.HollywoodIsCalling.com.
The woman was hospitalized June 15 , Kansas health officials said .
The panel ordered the Commerce Department to issue revised figures for the duties within 60 days .
Thousands of people in the South of England caught a glimpse of a lunar eclipse as they gazed up at the sky on Saturday night .
Against the dollar , the euro rose as high as $ 1.1535 -- a fresh four-year high -- in morning trade before standing at $ 1.1518 / 23 at 0215 GMT .
At the very long end , the 30-year bond US30YT = RR slid a full point for a yield of 4.47 percent from 4.41 percent .
In 2002 , spending on inpatient hospital care grew by 6.8 percent and the costs of outpatient hospital care rose by 14.6 percent , the study .
In other words , Cablevision is obligated to pay for YES Network 's lawsuit against Time Warner Cable .
The first vulnerability is a buffer overrun that results from IE 's failure to properly determine an object type returned from a Web server .
Some analysts estimate sales of Xolair could reach $ 260 million by 2006 and $ 750 million by 2008 .
Hernandez has been treated for breast cancer , and Moore suffers from non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma .
Excluding food and energy costs , the core CPI was up 0.1 percent last month , compared to a rise of 0.2 percent in July .
Singer Brandy and her husband , Robert Smith , have called it quits .
The 2000 Democratic platform supported " the full inclusion of gay and lesbian families in the life of the nation . "
The three chains have replaced most of the 70,000 striking workers with temporary employees to keep their stores open .
But he will meet the French President , Jacques Chirac , privately .
The children were last seen July 4 at a fireworks display in Concord with their father , Manuel Gehring .
Taupo was guiding her owner Paul Kibblewhite , 62 , on a three-day walk with a tramping party of eight .
A panel of the 9th US Circuit Court of Appeals upheld California 's assault weapons ban in a 2-1 ruling last December .
Tibco has used the Rendezvous name since 1994 for several of its technology products , according to the Palo Alto , California company .
Nursing schools turned away more than 5,000 qualified applicants in the past year because of shortages of faculty and classroom space .
The dead woman was also wearing a ring and a Cartier watch .
The two blond opponents appeared almost identical in matching powder-blue outfits – to their dismay .
Announced last week , Apple 's iTunes Music Store has sold over 1 million songs in the first week , the company announced on Monday .
He was arrested Tuesday night at a northwest Atlanta tire shop after a national manhunt .
Selenski had previously spent seven years in prison on a bank robbery conviction .
" I am responsible for the approval process in my agency , " he said in Friday 's statement .
Rambus Inc . ( nasdaq : RMBS - news - people ) shot up 38 percent , making it the biggest percentage gainer on the Nasdaq .
As part of a 2001 agreement to extradite them from Canada , prosecutors agreed not to seek the death penalty .
" Three Weeks in October " goes on sale Monday , nearly a year after the Washington , D.C.-area sniper shootings started .
Robbins said he wants to take any network like ESPN that charges more than $ 1 per Cox customer and make those optional choices for consumers to buy .
Gartner analysts said that businesses are not yet feeling confident enough to upgrade corporate PCs .
The case is Illinois v. Telemarketing Associates , 01-1806 .
Eugene Uhl followed his father and grandfather into the military , his mother said .
But the FBI never kept tabs on al-Bayoumi - even though it had received information that he was a Saudi agent , the document says .
Bolivia 's army fought to stop columns of protesters from streaming into the food-starved capital on Wednesday as a popular uprising against the president spread .
" It should have reported that it was sailing with an atomic bomb cargo , " Anomeritis said , referring to the quantity of explosives on board .
" No data exists to indicate that the situation with repair stations poses a safety concern . "
Rudder was most recently senior vice president for the Developer & Platform Evangelism Business .
The retailer said it came to the decision after hearing the opinions of customers and associates .
Mohcine Douali , who lives in the centre of Algiers , said : " It was a great shock .
Microsoft has won a patent for an instant messaging feature that notifies users when the person they are communicating with is typing a message .
" I think the financial diplomacy here of the sort that we are engaged in is the surest course to get the result we want . "
The other 18 people in the building , including Harrison 's ex-girlfriend , were not injured , police spokesman Don Aaron said .
The consensus estimate of analysts polled by Thomson First Call called for a profit of $ 1.70 per share .
Malvo 's attorneys mounted an insanity defense , arguing that Muhammad 's indoctrination left him unable to tell right from wrong .
He also wrote the state was right to execute a search warrant at the store .
A lawsuit has been filed in an attempt to block the removal of the Ten Commandments monument from the building .
Of personal vehicles , 57 percent are cars or station wagons , 21 percent vans or SUVs , 19 percent light trucks .
Mr Martin said the company is " cautiously optimistic regarding some improvement in sales and operating performance trends in the second half of 2003 " .
In Falluja on Thursday , two grenades were thrown at soldiers from the Third Armored Cavalry Regiment , wounding seven .
His decision means that the case against Gary Lee Sampson , including the capital charges against him , will be tried in September .
In 1999 , the building 's owners , the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1 { inches .
Last week , Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee ended an 18-month chill in relations by ordering normalisation of diplomatic ties and restoration of air services with Pakistan .
Three Southern politicians who risked their political careers by fighting against bigotry and intolerance were honored Monday with John F. Kennedy Profile in Courage Awards for 2003 .
Last year the court upheld Cleveland 's school voucher program , ruling 5-4 that vouchers are constitutional if they provide parents a choice of religious and secular schools .
He gave a surprisingly impassioned speech to the United Steelworkers of America , who announced their endorsement yesterday .
Under the NBC proposal , Vivendi would merge its U.S. film and TV business with NBC 's broadcast network , Spanish-language network and cable channels including CNBC and Bravo .
Negotiators talked with the boy for more than an hour , and SWAT officers surrounded the classroom , Bragdon said .
But none of them opposed the idea outright , ministers said .
There is , however , no photo of Peter Hollingworth in the June issue examined by the Herald yesterday .
Experts said the case marks one of the first times in which a parent was charged with contributing to a child 's suicide .
Shares in Wal-Mart closed at $ 58.28 , up 16 cents , in Tuesday trading on the New York Stock Exchange .
Sheena Young of Child , the national infertility support network , hoped the guidelines would lead to a more " fair and equitable " service for infertility sufferers .
Sarah Weddington , the abortion advocate and attorney who originally represented McCorvey , could not be reached for comment .
It got up on his personal radar screen this past week , I 've given him my pitch and he was quite supportive , " he said .
He proposed a system under which it would take fewer and fewer votes to overcome a filibuster .
" The United States welcomes a greater NATO role in Iraq 's stabilization , " Mr. Powell told his colleagues in a speech today .
Illinois State Police accident reconstruction experts were investigating the cause .
Responding later , Edward Skyler , a spokesman for the mayor , said , " The comptroller 's statements , while noteworthy for their sensationalism , bear no relation to the facts .
" Apple is working with Oxford Semiconductor and affected drive manufacturers to resolve this issue , which resides in the Oxford 922 chipset , " the company said in a statement .
" There is no conscious policy on the part of the United States to move the dollar at all , " Snow said .
In March , 67 percent connected through cable , up from 63 percent a year earlier .
He was listed last night in critical but stable condition at Kings County Hospital Center , police said .
Boeing shares fell 3.5 percent to close at $ 27.62 on the New York Stock Exchange , while Lockheed slipped 1.4 percent to $ 49.50 .
The two rugged counties got 2 to 3 inches of rain between midnight and noon .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX slipped 0.13 points , or just 0.01 percent , to 966.87 .
A 25 percent increase would raise undergraduate tuition to about $ 5,247 annually , including miscellaneous , campus-based fees .
He hugged his lawyers and their assistants and then said , " Thank you so much . "
Some 55 gang members and associates were arrested in a coordinated sweep across the West on Wednesday , some for charges not related to the casino brawl .
" That doesn 't mean to say it doesn 't exist , " said Mr. Chandler , but simply that his team hasn 't uncovered evidence indicating such a link .
PFP Legislator Kao Ming-chien ( ) , the fifth Taiwanese expert invited by the WHO to join the conference , will arrive in Malaysia today .
" This proposed investment starts the process of raising the funding we need to increase our capacity , " Elpida President Yukio Sakamoto said in a news release .
And two key shuttle program leaders were out of town during the flight .
Vivendi argues the agreement had not been approved by the board and that the payoff was inappropriate given the state of Vivendi 's finances when new CEO Jean-Rene Fourtou took over .
Teenagers at high schools where condoms were available were no more likely to have sex than other teens , a study published Wednesday finds .
" We have found the smoking gun , " investigating board member Scott Hubbard said .
None of the Prairie Plant Systems marijuana can be distributed until the document is made available , she said .
Advertising and circulation revenues from the flagship Martha Stewart Living magazine have declined .
This week 's tour will take Bush to Senegal , South Africa , Botswana , Uganda and Nigeria , and is aimed at softening his warrior image at home and abroad .
Rebels sought to consolidate their grip on a troubled northeastern Congolese town Tuesday after a week of fighting that killed at least 112 people .
She said in 2003 , not one U.S. state had an obesity rate below 15 percent .
Johnsons site is www.katyjohnson .com. Maxs is www.tuckermax.com.
The Standard & Poor 's 500 index rose 11.14 , or 1.2 percent , to 931.41 . "
When Biggs 's body was found , authorities had no leads until four months later , when a tipster said Mallard talked about the incident at a party .
BOCHK chief executive Liu Jinbao was transferred abruptly to Beijing last month .
By 2007 , antivirus solutions will carry a worldwide price tag of $ 4.4 billion--double that of five years earlier .
The SIA said chip sales were expect to rise 16.8 percent to $ 180.9bn next year , followed by a 5.8 in 2005 .
Last week , the executive committee of the Board of Trustees issued a no-confidence vote in Goldin .
ECUSA is the U.S. branch of the 70 million-member Anglican Communion .
" The benefit is equal for everyone , both in traditional Medicare and in the enhanced Medicare we 're setting up . "
There are more surprises than you can possibly imagine , " Gov. Gray Davis told reporters at a campaign stop in Compton .
After 9 / 11 , Connolly said , agents spent thousands of hours investigating al-Bayoumi .
In Virginia , Mr. Kilgore , a Republican , accused the court of undermining " Virginia 's right to pass legislation that reflects the views and values of our citizens . "
The series will be known as the NASCAR Nextel Cup .
He was charged with attempting to provide material support and resources to terrorists , and dealing arms without a licence .
Three American warships are off the Liberian coast carrying a total of 2,300 marines .
An unclear number of people were killed and more injured .
Local police authorities are treating the explosion as a criminal matter and nothing has been ruled out .
" At this point , Mr. Brando announced : ' Somebody ought to put a bullet ' " through her head , the motion continued .
The bodies of former Invercargill man Warren Campbell , 32 , and climbing companion Jonathan Smith , 47 , were recovered from below Mt D 'Archiac late yesterday morning .
Activists say they fear the gathering is an attempt by corporate farming to push bio-engineered crops on starving countries .
The Satellite 's 17-inch panel offers a maximum resolution of 1,440 by 900 pixels , Toshiba said .
Mascia-Frye works in the state development office .
SEC Chairman William Donaldson said there is a " building confidence out there that the cop is on the beat . "
Fatalities in rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the increase in 2002 , NHTSA said .
Both papers are being published today in the New England Journal of Medicine .
If convicted , they face up to five years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine on each of the 11 counts .
" It 's just too important to keeping crime down , " he said of Operation Impact , which began Jan. 3 .
Sony Ericsson also said it would shut down its GSM / UMTS R & D center in Munich , Germany , to increase profitability .
Sirius recently began carrying National Public Radio , a deal pooh-poohed by XM because it doesn 't include popular shows like " All Things Considered " and " Morning Edition . "
This deterioration of security compounds when nearly all computers rely on a single operating system subject to the same vulnerabilities the world over , " Geer added .
Shares of Smithfield closed up $ 1.64 , or 8.5 percent , at $ 20.85 , on the New York Stock Exchange .
St. Paul Chairman and Chief Executive Jay S. Fishman , 51 , will be CEO of the combined company .
France , Russia , China and others had advocated a stronger U.N. role to give a U.S.-chosen Iraqi authority international legitimacy .
In the year-ago period , Pearson posted a 26 million pre-tax profit .
Under the U.S. Constitution , the other chamber of Congress , the House of Representatives , does not vote on foreign alliances .
The deficit is still expected to top $ 500 billion in 2004 -- even with an improving economy .
The board is investigating whether a shortage of funds in the shuttle program compromised safety .
Democratic presidential candidate Joe Lieberman accused President Bush on Wednesday of presiding over a new economy with old thinking , and for failing to reward innovation in the workplace .
Emergency crews said some of the passengers were thrown partly out of the open side of the bus .
Shellfire could be heard in the background as Ghafar spoke by satellite telephone .
With an estimated net worth of $ 1.7 billion , Mrs. Kroc ranked No. 121 on Forbes magazine 's latest list of the nation 's wealthiest people .
Southwest said it recently exercised remaining options for the delivery of nine Boeing 737-700s next year .
The Nasdaq composite index increased 10.73 , or 0.7 percent , to 1,514.77 .
The skull is then punctured , the brain suctioned out , and that causes the skull to collapse so it can be removed from the birth canal .
The same flood that blocked the airport road also swamped a Federal Express depot .
Experts say they think better treatment , including widespread use of the drug tamoxifen , as well as mammogram screening are responsible for the improvement .
Shares of EDS gained $ 1.49 , or 6.6 percent , to $ 23.999 early Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange .
A successful attack could be launched within any type of document that supports VBA , including Microsoft Word , Excel or PowerPoint .
Some Boston managers are concerned that banning smoking will create safety hazards as groups of smokers huddle outside bars and nightclubs .
He was also accused of masterminding bombings that killed 22 people in Manila in December 2000 .
Starting on Saturday , every computer infected with MSBlast is expected to start flooding Microsoft 's Windows Update service with legitimate-looking connection requests .
President George W. Bush and top administration officials cited the threat from Iraq 's banned weapons programs as the main justification for going to war .
" I 'm not aware of any changes in policy - we have contacts with them , they will continue . "
Samudra , 33 , a textile salesman , is also charged with the church bombings across Indonesia on Christmas Eve , 2000 , in which 19 people died .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index < .IXIC > declined 16.68 points , or 1.01 percent , at 1,636.94 .
The decision unnerved voting officials who already have been warning that they have barely enough time to organize the election before the balloting is scheduled to begin .
Mahmud was seized near Tikrit , the area from which he and Hussein hail , about 90 miles north of Baghdad , U.S. military officials said Wednesday night .
If Walker appeals Parrish 's ruling , it would stop the extradition process and could take several months , Rork said .
At his sentencing , Avants had tubes in his nose and a portable oxygen tank beside him .
The benchmark 10-year note US10YT = RR slipped 16 / 32 in price , sending its yield to 4.48 percent from 4.42 percent late on Thursday .
The chipset will operate in the 2.4-GHz band , and features radio signal interference prevention and low power consumption .
The indictment supercedes a criminal complaint filed against Quattrone on April 23 with similar charges .
The government says the changes are necessary if Israel is to compete successfully in the global marketplace and attract investment .
The state wants to lower wolf numbers in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near the village of McGrath .
The stock has risen 44 cents in recent days .
The state wants to kill the wolves in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near the village of McGrath .
The WHO says the latest case does not fit its profile of SARS and is not a public health concern .
They returned in 1999 after rebel raids on a neighboring Russian region and a series of deadly apartment-building bombings that were blamed on the rebels .
After three months , Atkins dieters had lost an average of 14.7 pounds compared with 5.8 pounds in the conventional group .
BT said the combination would have an immediate impact on subscriptions with 60,000 additional customers between September and March , 2004 .
" She was crying and scared , ' said Isa Yasin , the owner of the store .
The woman , Mary Kathryn Miller , 55 , was arrested by the state police on Nov. 20 and charged with first-degree larceny .
Janet Racicot heard the thud from the kitchen , where she was getting a glass of water , she said in an interview Tuesday .
Officials at Brandeis said this was an " extremely heartrending " time for the campus .
" That obligation to pay rent continues unabated notwithstanding the heinous attacks of Sept . 11 and the destruction of 1 World Trade Center , " the suit says .
General Jeffrey said he would donate his military pension to charity for the period he was in office at Yarralumla .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX fell 3 points , or 0.30 percent , to 995 .
He acted as an international executive producer on Who Wants to be a Millionaire and The Weakest Link .
Auditors acknowledged the auditors did not look at priests ' personnel files .
About 24 percent of men who took placebo , or 1,147 men , developed prostate cancer .
The euro was at 1.5276 versus the Swiss franc , up 0.2 percent on the session , after hitting its highest since mid-2001 around 1.5292 earlier in the session .
GBI spokesman John Bankhead said the murder scenes showed that the killer was very methodical .
Vaccine makers have been thrust in the limelight following government programmes to encourage wider vaccination and fears of biological attacks on civilian and military targets .
At the time federal investigators were looking into how CFSB allocated shares of initial public stock offerings .
U.S. forces recently apprehended some 40 suspected foreign militants near the Syrian border and are now interrogating them .
The single currency rose as far as 135.13 yen , matching a record high hit shortly after the euro 's launch in January 1999 .
The rule bars groups from airing ads that promote , support , attack or oppose a candidate at any time .
But Davis adviser Roger Salazar said the governor 's focus is on his job , not the recall petition .
The stock closed Friday at $ 5.91 , down $ 1.24 , or 17 percent , on the Nasdaq Stock Market .
" The public is understandably losing patience with these unwanted phone calls , unwanted intrusions , " he said at a White House ceremony .
Bloodsworth was ultimately cleared with evidence gathered from a semen stain on the victim 's panties .
The 30-year bond < US30YT = RR > firmed 24 / 32 , taking its yield to 4.18 percent , after hitting another record low of 4.16 percent .
Powell fired back : " He 's accusing the president of a ludicrous act , " he said .
IDEC shareholders would own 50.5 percent of the stock of the combined company , and Biogen shareholders the remaining 49.5 percent .
Two area lawmakers said Democrats might entice some Republicans to support a tax hike .
Samudra claims the meeting agreed with this and fine-tuning was handed to Dulmatin , a bombmaker still on the run and so-called smiling Bali bomber , Amrozi .
The company also earned 14 cents a share a year earlier .
The measures could be taken up by the full Senate as early as Friday .
The updated 64-bit operating system , Windows XP 64-Bit Edition for 64-Bit Extended Systems , will run natively on AMD Athlon 64 processor-powered desktops and AMD Opteron processor-powered workstations .
Federal agent Bill Polychronopoulos said it was not known if the man , 30 , would be charged .
Mr. Hampton had been living at a residence for AIDS patients in Beth Israel Hospital .
A year earlier , it posted a profit of $ 102 million , or 13 cents a share .
Democrats currently hold a 17-15 advantage in the state 's congressional delegation .
Monday ratcheted up its database software line with the introduction of a new suite that automates the process of defining , describing and indexing information contained in the database .
We caught this ... and haven 't sent it into the blood supply , " said Dr. Dale Towns , CBS Calgary medical director .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index < .IXIC > added 8.27 points , or 0.51 percent , to 1,633.53 .
It would not affect economic damages such as lost wages or hospital bills .
Andrew Sugden , an evolutionary biology expert and international managing editor of Science , described the find as a " milestone . . . this research has broken the size barrier for rodents " .
The subjects were next given a squirt up the nose of a rhinovirus , the nasty little germ that causes colds .
PeopleSoft also said it expects the acquisition to close in the third calendar quarter of 2003 .
The conflict centers on a proposal to change a French unemployment fund for artists that takes into account their downtime between shows .
The latest attack came just two days after three suicide bombers drove a truck loaded with explosives into a government office complex in northern Chechnya , killing 59 people .
As envisioned by Breaux , the government would help pay for the first $ 3,450 in prescription drug costs .
They have been identified by the Tarrant County Medical Examiner 's Office as Melena 's brother , Angel Melena , 25 , and Narcisco Del Angel Lozano , 34 .
Wells Fargo and Quicken Loans couldn 't be reached for comment Wednesday afternoon .
She claimed all the babies were born full-term and died within hours , he said .
Evacuation went smoothly , although passengers weren 't told what was going on , Hunt said .
Delta personnel at Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport were scrambling all day to find alternate flights -- even on other airlines , when necessary -- to move the inconvenienced passengers .
NBC probably will end the season as the second most popular network behind CBS , although it 's first among the key 18-to- 49-year-old demographic .
Claudette , the first hurricane of the Atlantic storm season , hit the mid-Texas coast July 15 with 85-mph wind .
Earlier Friday , Taiwan reported 55 new cases but no new deaths .
United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan suggested on Monday that the United States should lead a multinational force to stop fighting between government forces and rebels in Liberia .
The company is working with the ObjectWeb consortium , Apache Software Foundation and the Eclipse IDE development community as part of the effort .
The cleanup , including new carpeting , electrical wiring and bathrooms , cost about $ 130 million .
Acting Police Chief Francisco Ortiz said the explosion was being treated as a criminal matter , but no possibility had been ruled out .
Aileen Boyle , a Simon & Schuster spokeswoman , declined to comment on any potential legal action .
The 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals has unsealed a heavily edited transcript of the June 3 court session where classified evidence was discussed out of public earshot .
Druce will face murder charges , Conte said .
" We 're confident that the new leadership will take responsibility for the past actions of the Archdiocese of Boston , " Lincoln said .
For proof , look no further than this week 's Consumer Electronics Show ( CES ) in Las Vegas .
U.S. officials say Hussein loyalists do not require high-technology eavesdropping devices to gather substantial amounts of information on the activities of American officials .
The announcements were made at the International Broadcasting Convention ( IBC ) in Amsterdam .
FCC Chairman Michael Powell said in a statement that the ruling would " throw a monkey wrench into the FCC 's efforts to develop a vitally important national broadband policy . "
PC-related products were the strongest sector in July , with microprocessors up 5.6 % and DRAMs up 8.2 % from June , the industry group said .
She said he persisted and she eventually allowed him to fix her bike while she sat in the front seat of his car .
Powell 's rendition of the third conversation made it more incriminating , by saying an officer ordered that the area be " cleared out . "
Cable high-speed lines increased 32.2 percent to 243,143 .
Mr Kenny and the Hicks family 's American lawyer , Michael Ratner , are trying to get access to Mr Hicks before he faces a planned military tribunal .
The life expectancy for boys born in 2001 was 74.4 years , up two years since 1990 .
" His advice to the House Republicans is to pass it , to send it to him , so he can sign it . "
A tradition of Labor Day racing was established long ago in the Inland Empire .
Two Atlanta companies that have not been accused of wrongdoing -- Delta Air Lines Inc. and the Home Depot -- were mentioned as having excessive pay packages for its CEOs .
" I think we should leave them as they are , " said Lott , R-Miss . , of the current ownership rules during a Senate Commerce Committee hearing .
PeopleSoft , of Pleasanton , California , said the deal would increase its 2004 earnings , excluding amortization and other items .
Combined , the companies will have about $ 2.8 billion in annual revenues , 13,000 employees and more than 11,000 customers in 150 countries .
Overture 's listings are generated by more than 100,000 advertisers who bid for placement on keywords relevant to their business .
Pines said he would convene the relevant party bodies within 10 days to discuss whether new elections would be held or whether a temporary leader would be appointed .
The suspected militants ambushed the convoy Saturday near the town of Spinboldak , said U.S. military spokesman Lt. Col. Douglas Lefforge .
In 2001 , President Bush named Kathleen Gregg one of six appointees to the Student Loan Marketing Association , the largest US lender for students .
Shares of MONY were gaining $ 2.57 , or 9 % , to $ 31.90 in after-hours trading on Instinet .
Sun was the lone major vendor to see its shipments decline , falling 2.9 percent to 59,692 units .
The hall will be home to the Los Angeles Philharmonic and the LA Master Chorale .
No rabies vaccine is available for humans in Zimbabwe and if it was it would be too expensive for most bitten by infected dogs .
Since December 2002 , Evans has been the vice chair of the U.S. Chief Information Officers Council .
The discoveries came a day after a package bomb burst into flames in the Bologna , Italy home of EU Commission President Romano Prodi , who was not injured .
Marissa Jaret Winokur , as Tracy , won for best actress in a musical .
But Close wondered whether the package would be worth the cost of licensing the third-party software , along with Salesforce.com 's rental price .
The company also became synonymous with ethical business practices .
Whitey Bulger is now on the law enforcement agency 's " 10 Most Wanted " list alongside Osama bin Laden .
Two astronomers surveying the region around Jupiter have detected 20 new moons , bringing the giant planet 's total to 60 .
" The anticipated global sales improvement in the month of June did not materialize , " said Chief Financial Officer Robert Rivet .
But the Russell 2000 index , the barometer of smaller company stocks , had a weekly gain of 3.71 , or 0.9 percent , closing at 418.40 .
Peterson , 27 , was eight months pregnant when she disappeared in the days before Christmas .
Other retailers that will be affected are Argos , part of GUS , and privately owned Littlewoods .
Shelley 's office reported Friday that 575,926 signatures have been reported to him .
The 30-year bond < US30YT = RR > was down 10 / 32 for a yield of 4.91 percent , up from 4.89 percent late Thursday .
The United States only agreed to let the agency back into Iraq after repeated warnings by IAEA chief Mohamed ElBaradei .
More than 6 percent of men on the drug developed high-grade tumors compared with 5.1 percent on placebo .
The Pentagon , saying that Boykin requested it , is investigating his remarks .
Russian and Saudi officials on Monday signed a five-year agreement on cooperation in the oil and gas sector .
Bloomberg said on Wednesday that all 16 crew members survived and would be tested for drugs and alcohol .
However , John Clare , chief executive of the Dixons Group , expressed his disappointment .
Last month , The Washington Post Co. introduced Express , a tabloid distributed largely along transit routes .
In a statement later , he said it appeared his side may have fallen a bit short .
" Arifin has disclosed to the I.S.D. that he is involved with a group of like-minded individuals in planning terrorist attacks against certain targets in Thailand , " the statement said .
At least 29 American troops have been killed in action since Bush declared major combat over on May 1 .
Two of the Britons , Sandy Mitchell from Glasgow and Glasgow-born William Sampson , face the death penalty .
Microsoft fell 5 percent before the open to $ 27.45 from Thursday 's close of $ 28.91 .
The league said it is not taking a position on whether Governor Gray Davis should be recalled in the Oct. 7 voting , and will not endorse a replacement candidate .
A number of conflicting standards and media formats exist today making the digital home complex to set-up and manage .
Quattrone is accused of obstructing justice by helping to encourage co-workers in an e-mail to destroy files on lucrative investment banking deals .
The number of injured dropped to 2.92 million in 2002 from 3.03 million a year earlier .
Altria shares fell $ 1.17 to $ 42.51 and were the Dow 's biggest percent loser .
The statistical analysis was published Tuesday in Circulation , a journal of the American Heart Association ( news - web sites ) .
Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld and other top Pentagon officials downplayed Wallace 's comments .
Gov. Linda Lingle and members of her staff were at the Navy base and watched the launch .
It 's also a strategic win for Overture , given that Knight Ridder had the option of signing on Google 's services .
Yesterday , Taiwan reported 35 new infections , bringing the total number of cases to 418 .
A member of the chart-topping collective So Solid Crew dumped a loaded pistol in an alleyway as he fled from police , a court heard yesterday .
Cabrera was called up to help in left field because Todd Hollandsworth has not been productive .
" This moves us a lot closer to saying that the foam can do this kind of damage , " said Hubbard , a member of the Columbia Accident Investigation Board .
" This blackout was largely preventable , " U.S. Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said at a briefing on the report .
The Smyrna Nissan plant was recently named the most productive automotive manufacturing site in North America , said Kisber .
Sendmail said the system can even be set up to permit business-only usage .
He is charged in three bombings in Atlanta _ including a blast at the 1996 Olympics _ along with the bombing in Alabama .
In two new schemes , people posing as IRS representatives target families of armed forces members and e-mail users .
He was sentenced to five years in prison at at Kingston Crown Court yesterday after pleading guilty to the attempted abduction of a teenager .
Officials with the rebel group Liberians United for Reconciliation and Democracy could not be reached for comment Saturday .
After he was led into the execution chamber and strapped to a gurney , Swisher raised his head and appeared to smile as his spiritual adviser spoke to him .
The FBI is trying to determine when White House officials and members of the vice president ’ s staff first focused on Wilson and learned about his wife ’ s employment at the agency .
But they are split over whether the Fed will acknowledge risks are tilted toward weakness , or say they are balanced .
Two weeks later on New Year 's night , Nikia Shanell Kilpatrick was discovered bound and strangled in her apartment .
It also faces significant regulatory delays and uncertainty , and threatens serious damage to the company 's business , he added .
Dallas Coach Don Nelson declared Nowitzki 's status as doubtful .
Scruggs , who did not testify , was cleared of a second charge of failing to provide her son with proper medical and psychological care .
Police warned residents on Friday not to travel alone and to avoid convenience stores and service stations stores at night .
" We continue to work with the Saudis on this , but they did not , as of the time of this tragic event , provide the additional security we requested . "
Available in June , Bare Metal Restore 4.6 costs $ 900 per Windows client and $ 1,000 per Unix client for new customers .
Hoy confirmed the woman 's age Tuesday and said she has left on vacation with her family .
A picture of the doctor 's son holding the guitar appeared in the National Enquirer just two weeks after George died .
The Swiss franc rose nearly a third of a centime against the dollar and was last at 1.2998 < CHF = > to the greenback .
Shares in Berkeley-based Xoma lost 77 cents , or 14 percent , to close at $ 4.72 each in trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market .
Ryland Group ( nyse : RYL - news - people ) , a homebuilder and mortgage-finance company , sank $ 9.65 , or 11.6 percent , to $ 73.40 .
They found that 6.4 percent of men on finasteride had high-grade tumors , compared with 5.1 percent taking a placebo .
Shares of the Smithfield rose more than 8 percent as the company said it expected the transaction to boost earnings immediately .
" Prime Minister Abbas , we are facing a new opportunity today , a better future for both peoples , " Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said after Tuesday 's meeting .
The European Union banned the import of genetically modified food in 1998 ; the United States is now demanding that the EU end its ban .
The transition is slated to begin no later than June 7 , Dayton said .
The government defeated the rebel motion by 297 votes to 117 in the 659-seat House of Commons .
She has a boyfriend , too , officials said : Sgt. Ruben Contreras , who sat with her family Tuesday .
The Nasdaq composite index dropped 33.90 , or 2.1 percent , to 1,610.82 , having risen 1.1 percent last week .
U.S. Capitol Police Chief Terrance Gainer said the incident resulted from " two staff members bringing in Halloween costumes . "
The vast majority of trades will be priced at 20 cents per contract or less depending on participation in incentive schemes . "
Brian Brabazon said his son would get upset but then turn around and befriend his taunters .
Senate President Pro Tempore Robert D. Garton , R-Columbus , said he spoke with Kernan not long before the oath of office ceremony .
The civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month - sliding down to 6.1 percent - as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000 .
Both devices use version 5.2 of the Palm operating system and feature a new design , which resembles a miniature notebook with a screen that swivels around 180 degrees .
Every day more American soldiers die .
Under the legislation , a physician who performs the procedure could face up to two years in prison .
Excluding one-time items , the company enjoyed a profit of 6 cents a share .
The single currency dropped to 136.94 yen compared with its late U.S. level of 137.64 .
The answer is clearly yes , " said Dr. Larry Norton , deputy physician-in- chief for breast cancer programs at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center .
While Mr. Qurei is widely respected and has a long history of negotiating with the Israelis , he cannot expect such a warm welcome .
And " although the preconditions for recovery remain in place , " it said the prospects for British exports were " weaker than previously expected . "
Mr. Geoghan had been living in a protective custody unit since being transferred to the prison on April 3 .
The president began his speech by acknowledging the terrorist attacks in Saudi Arabia that killed at least 29 people , including seven Americans .
" It 's obvious I 'm not riding as well as years past , " Armstrong said at a news conference .
Random testing of security procedures should also take place .
A DOD team is working to determine how hackers gained access to the system and what needs to be done to fix the breach .
The court on Monday reversed the decision of that court , the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals .
US Special Forces troops are training Colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the pipeline , which transports crude from Colombia 's second-biggest oil field .
DeVries did make one stop in town Wednesday - registering as a sex offender at the Soledad Police Department .
" Third . . . we are not allowed to kill women , except those who join the war [ against Islam ] . "
Appeals had kept him on death row longer than anyone else in the U.S. , AP said .
Cohen recessed the hearing until this afternoon and said he expected to issue his findings next week .
The news came as authorities in Taiwan quarantined hundreds at two major hospitals amid fears of a widespread epidemic of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome on the self-governing island .
About 22 % of twentysomethings are obese , which is roughly 30 pounds over a healthy weight .
He also said he advised his grown-up children not to run up credit card debts .
One Republican sent out a flier this week citing a 3.8-percent increase in the S & P 500 stock index since passage of the tax cuts in May .
Against the Canadian dollar , the greenback was trading nearly flat at C $ 1.3252 < CAD = > after the Bank of Canada kept key interest rates unchanged .
" We make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attacks , " said Barbara Comstock , Ashcroft 's press secretary .
One , from a former CIBC executive , described the returns earned by the bank on its Enron deals as " outrageous . "
The computers were reportedly located in the U.S. , Canada and South Korea .
Indeed , Mr. Weill , a self-described workaholic , said he planned to remain very involved in the company .
Under the 1973 Roe vs. Wade ruling , before a fetus could live outside the womb , the abortion decision was left to the woman and her physician .
Other recommendations included a special counsel on oceans in the White House , creation of regional ocean ecosystem councils and a national system to protect marine reserves .
Horn remained in critical but stable condition Monday , the hospital said .
The loonie , meanwhile , continued to slip in early trading Friday .
Sgt. Ernest Bucklew , 33 , was coming home from Iraq to bury his mother in Pennsylvania .
The broad Standard & Poor 's 500 index slipped 12.27 points or 1.23 percent to 981.73 .
And Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore , who installed the monument in the courthouse two years ago , said he will fight to keep his job .
He told The Sun newspaper that Mr. Hussein 's daughters had British schools and hospitals in mind when they decided to ask for asylum .
Ms. Haque , meanwhile , was on her turquoise cellphone with the smiley faces organizing the prom .
He was in Cincinnati helping another daughter move when the tragedy occurred , friends said .
" It ends tonight , " a grim Keanu Reeves announces , in the trailer for The Matrix Revolutions .
Defence lawyers sought to have those charges thrown out , claiming the Bali court had no jurisdiction over those crimes .
Mel Gibson 's passion-stirring Biblical epic " The Passion of Christ " will open in the United States on Feb. 25 - Ash Wednesday on the Roman Catholic calendar .
Mark Kaiser , vice-president of marketing , and Tim Lee , vice-president of purchasing , were dismissed last week .
Prince is replacing Sanford " Sandy " Weill , who will remain Citigroup 's chairman .
In next week 's drill , " our objective is to improve the nation 's capacity to save lives in ... a terrorist event , " Ridge said .
Tisha Kresler , a spokeswoman for Global Crossing , declined to comment .
The company must either pay NTP the $ 53.7-million or post a bond with the court pending the appeal , Mr. Wallace said .
The Bluetooth SIG made its announcement at the Bluetooth World Congress in Amsterdam this week .
In Somalia , only 26 % of adolescent females ( aged 10-19 ) have heard of Aids and just 1 % know how to protect themselves .
The shares represent more than half the 115.9 million shares Turner held at the end of April , according to Bloomberg data .
About 1,417 schools statewide receive Title I money .
The 60-year-old millionaire hugged his attorneys , saying : " Thank you so much . "
The New York senator 's new book , " Living History , " appears a certain bestseller .
During the flight , engineers misjudged the extent of the damage , and even during that period they lamented that the liftoff photography was poor .
Air Transport Association spokeswoman Diana Cronan said that travel was down in May through July and that she also expected it to be off over Labor Day .
Standing with reporters and photographers about 150 yards from the prison gates was Brent Newbury , president of the Rockland County Patrolmen 's Benevolent Association .
Scribner 's body was found floating in the city 's Portage Bay , where he lived with his wife in a houseboat .
Officials said the data will be used to verify whether they had stayed beyond their authorized time .
The Institute for Supply Management said its index of non-manufacturing activity rose to 50.7 from 47.9 in March .
Meteorologists predicted the storm would become a Category 1 hurricane before landfall .
He added , " I am not giving any consideration to resignation . "
They named the man charged as Noureddinne Mouleff , a 36-year-old of North African origin who was arrested in the southern coastal town of Eastbourne last week .
O 'Brien 's attorney , Jordan Green , declined to comment .
Moore had no immediate comment Tuesday .
However , the Nasdaq composite index managed to eke out a gain of 4.64 points at 1,735.34 .
" As a responsible leader we feel it necessary to make these changes because online chat services are increasingly being misused , " Microsoft told the BBC .
Last week , his lawyers asked Warner to grant clemency under conditions that would have lead to a new sentencing hearing .
For the third time in the past four years , wildfires are the problem .
The constitutionality of outlawing partial birth abortion is not an open question .
As part of the agreement to extradite the two best friends from Canada , prosecutors agreed not to seek the death penalty .
At least 7000 computers were affected by Parson 's worm , Assistant US Attorney Paul Luehr said .
And now it 's anything he wants to say , " Alesha Badgley , Stone County Nursing and Rehabilitation Center social director , said this week .
He was sent to Larned State Hospital , where he was evaluated and treated .
The Seattle band 's groundbreaking grunge anthem is No. 1 on VH1 's list of the " 100 Greatest Songs of the Past 25 Years . "
Beagle 2 is attached to Mars Express by what is known as a Spin-Up and Ejection Mechanism ( Suem ) .
Justice Anthony M. Kennedy also dissented from the dismissal .
Two brothers who were among seven Portland suspects accused of aiding terrorists have decided to plead guilty to conspiring to aid al-Qaida and the Taliban , officials said Wednesday .
New research indicates that some 540,000 high-tech jobs were lost in the United States during 2002 .
The companies said " it was not our intention to target or offend any group or persons or to incite hatred or violence . "
" They are trying to turn him into a martyr , " said Vicki Saporta , president of the National Abortion Federation , which tracks abortion-related violence .
Three-year-old Jaryd Atadero vanished on Oct. 2 , 1999 while on a hiking trip with a church group .
SEA 05D is the Naval Sea Systems Command ’ s technical authority for surface ship design and engineering .
Right now , only six states do : Arkansas , Michigan , Minnesota , New Jersey , Virginia , and Wisconsin .
He took batting practice on the field for the second time Tuesday since his opening-day injury .
" People who are high in positive emotions sleep better , they have better diets , they exercise more , they have lower levels of these stress hormones , " Cohen said .
The intelligence service , headed by Fujimori 's spy chief , Vladimiro Montesinos , was accused of torture , drug trafficking and disappearances .
Bond also voiced his disappointment that neither President Bush nor his brother attended this conference in Florida or last year 's in Texas .
The US Senate judiciary committee overcame a significant hurdle yesterday in the battle to create a trust fund to pay victims of asbestos exposure .
In a statement distributed Friday , 28 Chechen non-governmental organizations said they would boycott the vote .
Jordan Green , the prelate 's private lawyer , said he had no comment .
About $ 250,000 worth of her jewelry was discovered last week at Kennedy International Airport , where it had up and disappeared before a flight to the BET Awards .
Hampton Township is just northeast of Bay City and about 100 miles from Bloomfield Township .
Analysts have estimated the worth of the core properties at $ 10 billion- $ 15 billion .
Advancers outnumbered decliners 1,821 to 1,199 on the New York Stock Exchange on volume of just over 480 million shares .
Under state law , DeVries must be released to the jurisdiction in which he was convicted .
The high Saturday is expected to be about 92 degrees , and it will likely drop to 90 degrees Sunday and Monday .
" We don 't have new places to check , " said Steve Anderson , a Waco public-information officer .
President Bush and top administration officials cited the threat from Iraq 's banned weapons programs as the main justification for going to war .
Goldman also raised its quarterly dividend to 25 cents from 12 cents , citing the new tax law .
The panels picture the towers standing tall and outline their history , including their construction , the 1993 bombing and their ultimate destruction on Sept . 11 , 2001 .
Forty to 50 years ago , the ratio was 3 to 1 , Kessler said , and 10 years ago , it was 2 to 1 .
The staged scene , covering several acres , featured smashed cars and buses , ruined buildings , scattered debris and spot fires .
Instead of remains , the Ragusas will bury a vial of Michael 's blood , which he had donated to a bone marrow center .
Arguing that the case was an isolated example , Canada has threatened a trade backlash if Tokyo 's ban is not justified on scientific grounds .
Market sentiment was subdued after International Business Machines Inc . IBM.N said U.S. securities regulators were investigating the accounting of the world 's largest computer company .
Many conservatives have staunchly opposed condom programs , saying they send the wrong message and encourage and enable teens to have sex before marriage .
" The numbers are starting to change very , very quickly , " Dr. Julie Gerberding , the CDC 's director , told a news briefing Thursday .
On Monday , it also announced the resignation of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Phil Condit .
Smugglers in a van chased down a pickup and SUV carrying other smugglers and illegal immigrants , said Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool .
It says the intervention force will confiscate weapons , reform the police , strengthen the courts and prison system and protect key institutions such as the Finance Ministry .
Ghulam Mahaiuddin , head of administration in the southern province of Helmand , said the bus blast happened early in the morning , west of the provincial capital Lashkargah .
The technology-loaded Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC added 0.35 of a point , or 0.02 percent , to 1,662 .
PLAYRIGHT George Axelrod , who anticipated the sexual revolution with The Seven Year Itch and Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter ?
The scientists wanted to pick the minds of the Buddhist scholars about how best to use technology such as brain imaging to study consciousness .
Shares of Corixa fell 12 cents to $ 6.88 as of 3 : 59 p.m.
When you crossed the line , you violated the constitutional right , " said Charles Weisselberg , a UC Berkeley law professor .
Medical investigators matched the body 's teeth to Aronov 's dental records this morning , medical examiner 's spokeswoman Ellen Borakove said .
Compared with the same quarter last year , Cisco earned $ 729 million , or 10 cents a share , on revenue of $ 4.82 billion .
By late afternoon , the Dow Jones industrial average was up 12.81 , or 0.1 percent , at 9,331.77 , having gained 201 points Monday to its highest level since July 2002 .
In an interview , Healey , who is a criminologist , acknowledged that much of the sentiment among legislators here and across the country was wariness toward capital punishment .
The problem likely will mean corrective changes before the shuttle fleet starts flying again .
In Nigeria alone , the report said , as many as 1 million women may be living with the condition .
Mayor Mike Bloomberg weighs in former football star William ' The Refrigerator ' Perry for the 88th annual Nathan 's Famous Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest .
The dollar was at 117.85 yen against the Japanese currency , up 0.1 percent .
Gillespie sent a letter to CBS President Leslie Moonves asking for a historical review or a disclaimer .
Siebel , whose fortunes soared with the tech boom , has cut nearly one-third of its workforce since the end of 2001 .
He served as a marine in the Second World War and afterward began submitting articles to magazines .
On July 3 , Troy is expected to be sentenced to life in prison without parole .
" I love the Catholic Church with all my heart , mind , soul and strength , " said Troy , who spoke quickly but in a steady voice .
Woodley , who underwent a liver transplant in 1992 , died of liver and kidney failure .
But he confessed : " There 's total fear to start with because you are completely at the mercy of the winds . "
Moffitt said the results need to be replicated in another study before testing of individuals for presence of the long or short versions of the gene will be pursued .
Full classes of 48 are booked through September , he said , and the Transportation Security Administration plans to double its classes in January .
Inflation-index bonds are carrying an interest rate of 4.66 percent .
Authorities said the informant , an inmate named Richard Powell who is imprisoned for killing his landlady in 1982 , led a team to the spot .
Responding , Edward Skyler , a spokesman for the mayor , said later : " The comptroller 's statements , while noteworthy for their sensationalism , bear no relation to the facts .
The layoffs at Eddie Bauer headquarters were dispersed across the company and at all levels , spokeswoman Lisa Erickson said .
PeopleSoft 's board now has 10 business days to evaluate the Oracle offer and make a recommendation to its shareholders .
Law enforcement sources who spoke on condition of anonymity confirmed to The Associated Press that Limbaugh was being investigated by the Palm Beach County , Fla . , state attorney 's office .
Global HRT sales , which are dominated by Wyeth of the US , were worth $ 3.8bn in 2001 , according to Data- monitor , the London-based market research company .
The flamboyant entrepreneur flagged the plan after a meeting in London with Australian Tourism Minister Joe Hockey .
Voyager 2 , also launched in 1977 , lags some 1.6 billion miles behind Voyager 1 .
The Standard Edition is $ 15,000 per processor or $ 300 per named user .
For the weekend , the top 12 movies grossed $ 157.1 million , up 52 percent from the same weekend a year earlier .
" The fire calmed down considerably overnight , then it rained , " said Andy Lyon , spokesman for the fire south of the city .
Tornadoes , up to a foot of rain and hail as big as cantaloupes pounded southern Nebraska and northern Kansas , killing one man and destroying at least four homes .
Meanwhile , the global death toll approached 770 with more than 8,300 people sickened since the severe acute respiratory syndrome virus first appeared in southern China in November .
The results will be published the July 10 issue of the journal Nature .
" The bolt catcher is not as robust as it is supposed to be , " the board 's chairman , retired Adm. Hal Gehman , said .
Its attackers had to fire their rockets from hundreds of yards away , with a makeshift launcher hidden in a portable electric generator .
The losses occurred overnight in Willow Canyon , one of three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains threatened by the 2-week-old fire that already had blackened 70,000 acres .
Three such vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organizer , who identified himself only as " Eleonora67 , " to extend the contest until 6 p.m. EDT Sunday .
Nigeria and other African oil producers are increasingly important in U.S. plans to lessen dependence on Middle Eastern suppliers for its energy security .
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Stock Market 's composite index rose 3.41 points to 1,915.31 .
" We must defend those whom we dislike or even despise , " said Neal R. Sonnett , a Miami lawyer who led an association panel on enemy combatants .
They describe themselves as " lifelong non-smokers whose primary interest is an accurate determination of the health effects of tobacco " .
Among Fox viewers , 41 percent describe themselves as Republicans , 24 percent as Democrats and 30 percent as Independents .
Passengers would be given a refund and voucher for another trip , she said .
The $ 19.50-a-share bid , comes two days after PeopleSoft revised its bid for smaller rival J.D. Edwards & Co . JDEC.O to include cash as well as stock .
Fifty-seven senators , including 24 Republicans , have signed the letter .
Shares of Coke were up 6 cents at $ 44.42 in afternoon trading Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange .
Carnival Corp. stock was trading at $ 31.29 during midday trading Wednesday , down 72 cents or 2.25 percent .
" I think we made some mistakes with this exam , and it 's up to us to identify and correct them , " Mills said .
The news sent Cisco shares on a tear in after-hours trading .
Also Thursday , the NYSE 's board elected six new directors _ three non-industry representatives and three industry representatives .
The man , who entered the post office in Lakeside shortly before 3 p.m. , gave up to deputies about 6 : 30 p.m.
Nearly all of Ford 's second-quarter profit came from Ford Credit , which earned a net $ 401 million , up 21.5 percent .
Later in the day , however , a former Intel executive turned the tables in a speech where he blasted wireless as being too complicated and too difficult to install .
" This is , I think , a very seminal moment in our agency 's history , " Mr O 'Keefe said .
" My judgment is 95 percent of that information should be declassified , become uncensored , so the American people would know . "
Dell has about 32 percent of the U.S. market , but much lower share in the rest of the world .
Muslim guerrillas attacked a town and took hostages yesterday as they withdrew from fighting that killed at least 22 people , military officials said .
The researchers found only empty cavities and scar tissue where the tumors had been .
" The discovery that the MAP bug is present in the vast majority of Crohn 's sufferers means it is almost certainly causing the intestinal inflammation , " it said in a statement .
Likewise , the 30-year bond US30YT = RR slid 23 / 32 for a yield of 4.34 percent , up from 4.30 percent .
Passed in 1999 but never put into effect , the law would have made it illegal for bar and restaurant patrons to light up .
Nor has it said how many astronauts will be on board , through there reportedly will be between one and three .
Printer maker Lexmark International Inc. spurted $ 3.95 to $ 63.35 , recouping some of the $ 14.10 it lost Monday .
Selling it symbolically writes a finish to that chapter in the administration of our city schools . "
He was a close associate of Sept . 11 mastermind Khalid Shaikh Mohammed , " Bush said .
Both Estrada and Honasan have denied any involvement in the failed military rebellion .
Board Chancellor Robert Bennett declined to comment on personnel matters Tuesday , as did Mills .
A nationally known itinerant computer hacker faces a federal arrest warrant on a sealed federal complaint in New York , a federal defender in California said Friday .
It 's a task that would challenge even the sharpest of computer geeks : set up a hacker-proof computer network for 190,000 government workers across the country fighting terrorism .
Three retailers Dillards Inc . , Kohls Department Stores and Nordstrom Inc. got Fs .
The move to rein in losses at its four boutique outlets comes as the retailer seeks to cap the cost of doing business .
" Writing safe programs that demonstrate an infection vector is adequate [ to demonstrate a vulnerability ] without building in the reproductive sequences .
Sharon says he is willing to free the two as holding them will not bring back Arad , who Israel believes is held by Iran .
The Securities and Exchange Commission also filed a civil fraud complaint against Dinh , of Phoenixville .
He worked out how to get through the bone with his cheap " multitool " -type knife , made duller from futile attempts to scratch away at the rock .
The deal is subject to N2H2 approval and is expected to be completed by year 's end .
The report was found Oct. 23 , tucked inside an old three-ring binder not related to the investigation .
To reach John A. Dvorak , who covers Kansas , call ( 816 ) 234-7743 or send e-mail to jdvorak @ kctar.com.
America Online last quarter lost 846,000 dial-up subscribers .
Both Mr Blair and Foreign Secretary Jack Straw have denied that Britain had reneged on plans to involve the UN in the reconstruction of Iraq .
" We must not engage in borough warfare , " Thompson testified at a budget hearing by the City Council 's Finance Committee .
As they wound through police barricades to the funeral home , many chanted " Celia , Celia " and sang snippets of her songs .
Beagle 2 has no propulsion system of its own ; it is " in the hands of Mr Newton now " , as an astronaut once put it .
The seventh person charged in the case - Habis Abdu al Saoub - remains at large .
Veritas will offer its File System , Volume Manager and Cluster Server software products on SUSE Enterprise Server in the first quarter next year .
This decision would " throw a monkey wrench into the FCC 's efforts to develop a vitally important national broadband policy , " he said .
The Commerce Commission would have been a significant hurdle for such a deal .
He is one of two Democrats on the five-member FCC , and he is a strong advocate of harsher penalties against radio and television stations that violate indecency laws .
Since March 11 , when the market 's major indexes were at their lowest levels since hitting multi-year lows in October , the Nasdaq has barreled back 21.2 percent .
Business groups and border cities have raised concerns that US-VISIT will mean longer waits to cross borders and will hurt commerce .
" But that does not clear them of the obligation to do everything possible to protect civilians , and that is not what we 're seeing . "
AN artist has infuriated New Yorkers by painting a sign reading " CAUTION Low Flying Planes " on a building near Ground Zero .
The Hubble Space Telescope 's newest picture of Mars shows summer on the Red Planet just as it makes its closest pass by Earth in 60,000 years .
The two cases concerned the admissions policies of the University of Michigan 's law school and undergraduate college .
Similar bills passed the House twice but died in the Senate .
The Dow Jones industrials climbed more than 140 points to above the 9,000 mark , the first time since December .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was down 27.13 points , or 1.64 percent , at 1,626.49 , based on the latest data .
Axelrod died in his sleep of heart failure , said his daughter , Nina Axelrod .
The proceedings were taken up with prosecutors outlining their case against Amrozi , reading 33 pages of documents outlining allegations against him .
Another soldier died and three were wounded when their vehicle hit a land mine or a piece of unexploded ordnance in Baghdad , a military statement said Tuesday .
The Nasdaq composite index inched up 1.28 , or 0.1 percent , to 1,766.60 , following a weekly win of 3.7 percent .
" The flu season has had an earlier onset than we 've seen in many years , " said Julie Gerberding , director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta .
The victims included seven Lebanese , four Egyptians , one Saudi and one Sudanese , the ministry official said .
Rep. Dennis Kucinich of Ohio is expected to raise more than $ 1 million .
But Abraham said changes in air-pollution rules would be up to the Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) .
The winner of this year 's Most Popular New Talent Logie , Goodrem first went to a specialist on Monday feeling tired and unwell .
Both rebels and government forces have been accused of pillaging villages in Liberia 's countryside despite the peace agreement .
A day earlier , a committee appointed by reformist President Mohammad Khatami called for an independent judicial inquiry into Kazemi 's death .
Whitney said officials evacuated a YMCA camp that had been scheduled to host 250 people beginning Sunday .
Earlier on Monday , Grant Thornton SpA repeated previous statements that it was " a victim of fraudulent action " .
Launched from the space shuttle Atlantis in 1989 , Galileo will have travelled about 4.6 billion kilometres by the time it hits Jupiter .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 Index shed 5.20 , or 0.6 percent , to 924.42 as of 9 : 33 a.m. in New York .
" Dan brings to Coca-Cola enormous experience in managing some of the world 's largest and most familiar brands , " Heyer said in a statement .
Police believe someone strangled her and she may have been sexually assaulted .
In Ventura County , the number of closings and advisories dropped by 73 percent , from 1,540 in 2001 to 416 last year .
But Senate criticism of the House plan Tuesday came on several fronts .
The Foreign Office said there was a " clear " risk of terrorist attack in Djibouti , Eritrea , Ethiopia , Somalia , Tanzania and Uganda .
Grass ' plea will leave Rite Aid 's former vice chairman and chief counsel , Franklin C. Brown , to stand trial alone in federal court starting Monday .
Helen Sharkey , 31 , and Gene Foster , 44 , pleaded guilty Tuesday to one count of conspiracy to commit securities fraud .
We have already found two trailers , both of which we believe were used for the manufacture of biological weapons .
Mr. Brendsel is expected to remain with the Freddie Mac Foundation .
But when no justice announced a retirement when the court 's term ended in June , it was seen as making those efforts moot .
" I figure we 've destroyed about one-half of Al Qaeda , the top operators of Al Qaeda , and that 's good , " Mr. Bush said .
With 2.3 million members nationwide , the Episcopal Church is the U.S. branch of the 77 million-member global Anglican Communion .
Protesters had been calling for an end to the country 's hard-line establishment and for supreme leader Khamenei 's death .
The exam contains four sections and tests a students knowledge of algebra and geometry as well as probability and statistics .
Shares of Tampa-based Outback Steakhouse Inc. closed at $ 44.50 , up $ 1.78 , or 4.2 percent , on the New York Stock Exchange .
Mr. Bankhead said the crime scenes indicated that the killer was " very methodical . "
A ruling last week by U.S. District Judge Lee R. West in Oklahoma City that the FTC lacked authority to run the registry triggered a whirlwind of activity in Washington .
Lt. Scotty Smither , a county firefighter , was struck by lightning .
Stewart said she intends to declare her innocence and proceed to trial if she is indicted , her lawyer said in a statement .
The effort is the Bush administration 's latest effort to expand the role of religious organizations in government services .
Car volume fell 8 per cent , while light truck sales -- which include vans , pickups and SUVs -- rose 2.7 per cent .
As part of the changes , Microsoft will also tie stock awards for its top 600 or so executives to the growth and " satisfaction " in its customer base .
The National Transportation Safety Board has subpoenaed Gansas , arguing his immediate testimony remains critical to its investigation .
He also reaffirmed his wish to resolve the North Korean nuclear crisis peacefully .
Big Blue says the SEC calls the action a fact-finding investigation and has not reached any conclusions related to this matter .
About 25 governments have signed in the last four months , about half of those in the last three weeks .
Revenue in the first quarter of the year dropped 15 percent from the same period a year earlier .
President Bush signed a waiver exempting 22 nations from these sanctions because they had signed but not yet ratified the immunity agreement .
His opinion contradicts one issued in 1992 by then-Attorney General Bob Stephan .
Three no votes would kill it for now .
Gerry Kiely , a EU agriculture representative in Washington , said EU ministers were invited but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform .
The truck carried the equivalent of 1.6 tons of TNT , emergency ministry official Ruslan Khadzhiyev said .
The OneNote note-taking tool is listed at £ 169.99 while the InfoPath XML ( Extensible Markup Language ) data gathering application is priced at £ 179.99 .
Yehuda Abraham , a 76-year-old jeweler in New York 's diamond district , allegedly accepted a $ 30,000 down payment on behalf of Lakhani for the missiles , the government said .
History will remember the University of Washington 's Dr. Belding Scribner as the man who has saved more than a million lives by making long-term kidney dialysis possible .
He says information released about a tarot card left at one shooting scene may have prolonged the spree by cutting off fragile communications with the sniper .
The suit is to be filed against Secretary of State Kevin Shelley and election officials in Los Angeles , Orange and San Diego counties .
Santa Clara-based Intel had sought the injunction , arguing that Hamidi was trespassing on its computer servers just as though he were intruding on private property .
Park rangers searched an abandoned lighthouse on Monomoy yesterday , but found no sign of them , said Stuart Smith , the Chatham harbormaster .
The state 's population was 6,080,485 in 2000 , according to the U.S. census .
McBride dismissed Novell 's Unix ownership claims as " a desperate measure to curry favor with the Linux community . "
That state will not emerge until the interim government decides on a process for writing a new constitution and for holding the first democratic elections .
He said he had made it " very plain " to the US that Australia did not support the death penalty .
Peterson told police he fished alone in San Francisco Bay on Christmas Eve , returning to an empty house .
Analysts have predicted third-quarter earnings of 16 cents a share and revenue of $ 7.15 billion , on average .
A car and a house were hit in the latest shootings , said Chief Deputy Steve Martin of the Franklin County sheriff 's office .
Peter Smith , a planetary scientist at the University of Arizona , leads the $ 325 million Phoenix mission .
With the test , Hubbard said , " I believe that we have found the smoking gun .
That leaves about three dozen at risk of aid cutoffs , said State Department spokesman Richard Boucher , who did not identify them .
Lee told the newspaper that the girl had dragged the food , toys and other things into her mother 's bedroom , where he found her .
The company had an operating loss of $ 56.7 million in the first half of 2003 .
But Advani said Pakistan should prove its sincerity by handing over suspects wanted by New Delhi in connection with previous bombings in India .
Last week , his lawyers asked Gov. Mark R. Warner to grant clemency , but the governor declined to intervene .
Revenue rose to $ 616.5 million from $ 610.6 million a year earlier .
Cmdr. Rod Gibbons , an academy spokesman , said , " The academy is shocked and saddened .
Claudia Gonzles Herrera , an assistant attorney general in charge of the case , said the arrests show that Guatemala " takes the defense of its ancient Maya heritage seriously . "
Rep. Peter Deutsch , D-Fla . , criticized the FDA 's efforts in Florida .
The men were immediately flown to nearby Botswana on a chartered Air Malawi flight , Malawi intelligence officials said on condition of anonymity .
" Of course I want to win again , but I think is worse when you never won before because you are very anxious , " he says .
Blagojevich reiterated his stance Wednesday to not prop up the budget with a gambling expansion .
They said they were not advocating the changes yet , but believed they are worth considering — especially as NATO expands to 26 members .
Media moguls jostled for position as the deadline for bids for Vivendi Universal 's U.S. entertainment empire neared on Monday in an auction of some of Hollywood 's best-known assets .
Suspected rebels also blew up an oil pipeline in north-east Colombia .
The settlement includes $ 4.1 million in attorneys ' fees and expenses .
But a U.S. appeals court in San Francisco disagreed and upheld the law .
Palm plans to issue about 13.9 million shares of Palm common stock to Handspring 's shareholders , on a fully diluted basis .
Milwaukee prosecutors charged a church minister with physical abuse in the death of an 8-year-old autistic boy who died during a healing service .
This is just the latest movement in a continuing trend towards open source support of business applications .
Mosel was unable to present financial statements in time due to mergers among subsidiaries and a change of accountants , the company said on Monday .
Shares of AstraZeneca AZN.N , Europe 's second biggest drugmaker , rose 3.71 percent to close at $ 43.05 on the New York Stock Exchange .
A spokesman for the U.S. Attorney 's Office was not available for comment .
U.S. Airways ordered 85 Bombardier jets with 50 seats and 75 seats and 85 Embraer jets with 70 seats , it said in a release .
Microsoft has described the technology as " a brand new client platform for building smart , connected , media rich applications in Longhorn . "
" We 're going to defend these charges in court , " said Ira Lee Sorkin , Furst 's attorney .
At midday Saturday , automatic gunfire rattled windows in the Qadesiyah neighborhood , a largely Arab area that borders a Kurdish quarter .
A three-judge panel of the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled late Friday that the small size , limited use and secular purpose make the image legitimate .
Justice Clarence Thomas , joined by fellow conservative Justice Antonin Scalia , dissented .
It will also unveil a version of its Windows Server 2003 operating system tuned specifically for storage devices .
Several doctors and courts have found Schiavo to be in a persistent vegetative state , but Byrd disagreed .
Inhibited children tend to be timid with new people , objects , and situations , while uninhibited children spontaneously approach them .
The merged company will keep the Interwoven name and be headquartered in Sunnyvale .
The largest gains were seen in prices , new orders , inventories and exports .
His coalition also passed some of the world 's most progressive laws in legalizing gay marriage and euthanasia and decriminalizing the personal use of soft drugs .
Maria de Jesus Quiej Alvarez and Maria de Teresa Quiej Alvarez did not leave the private jet during a stop for customs inspection at Brown Field .
Wild rock legend Ozzy Osbourne was in intensive care today as he continued his “ steady ” recovery from a quad bike accident .
BOSTON The Catholic archdiocese in Boston has offered $ 55 million to settle more than 500 clergy sex abuse lawsuits , according to a document obtained by The Associated Press .
It will be the first handset to ship with the Smartphone 2003 version of Microsoft 's ( Nasdaq : MSFT ) Windows Mobile software , the mobile operator said .
At least 13 of the affected flights were scheduled out of Atlanta .
Peterson was arrested near Torrey Pines Golf Course in La Jolla on April 18 , the day DNA testing identified the bodies .
It argued that such access " is not required by domestic or international law and should not be treated as a precedent . "
But Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial ( JP : 8306 : news , chart , profile ) declined 3,000 yen , or 0.65 percent , to 456,000 yen .
He attends football training for three hours a day to accelerate the healing process , and has lost 17 kilograms since October .
Peterson has been charged with two counts of murder in the deaths of his wife and son .
The deal will combine Adobe 's Form Server , Form Designer and Reader products with IBM 's DB2 Content Manager and DB2 CommonStore products .
" He just heard two huge bangs and the balloon shuddered and fell , " Nicky Webster , a spokesman for Hempleman-Adams , said .
The moment of reckoning has arrived for this West African country founded by freed American slaves in the 19th century .
About 18 percent of men taking finasteride developed prostate cancer , compared with 24 percent on placebo .
" It was one of the first times in my life that I felt we were truly being treated as Americans , ' ' she said .
Six months ago , the IMF and Argentina struck a bare-minimum $ 6.8-billion debt rollover deal that expires in August .
On Monday , the Dow declined 5.25 , or 0.1 percent , at 8,983.80 , having shed 2.3 percent last week .
The percentage of Americans without health coverage rose from 14.6 to 15.2 .
The tendency to feel rejection as an acute pain may have developed in humans as a defensive mechanism for the species , said Eisenberger .
Who will succeed Mr. O 'Neill at Hyundai is not clear .
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 86.56 points , or 0.94 percent , to 9,109.99 , after giving up more than 1 percent earlier .
Proving that the Millville son 's sacrifice would not go unsung , Mayor James Quinn ordered all city flags flown at half-mast for the next 30 days .
All three were studied for fingerprints , DNA and other traces of evidence , but prosecutors have not yet testified to what , if anything , they yielded .
" You know I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life , " Limbaugh , 52 , said during a stunning admission aired nationwide .
The justices declined without comment to review the ruling that upheld physicians ' rights to speak freely with their patients .
No charges were announced , but the statement said legal proceedings were expected Monday .
Testing of the swimsuit at a state police lab and at a private lab in Virginia had not yet been able determine whether it belonged to Bish , Conte said .
Lucent 's stock was off 7 cents , or 3.7 percent , at $ 1.84 in morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange .
" The question that has to be penetrated is , how did 38 visits over 2 years not rescue these children from slow torture and starvation ? "
As he left court , McCartney cast one long angry glare at Amrozi , who almost hid behind his lawyer to the side .
" Nobody wants to go to war with anybody about anything ... it 's always very much a last resort thing and one to be avoided , " Mr Howard told Sydney radio .
Wal- Mart , Kohl 's Corp. , Family Dollar Stores Inc . , and Big Lots Inc. posted May sales that fell below Wall Street 's modest expectations .
Since it was launched , the SiteFinder service has come under increasing criticism from users and analysts who say that VeriSign has overstepped its authority .
October gasoline prices settled 1.47 cents lower at 78.70 cents a gallon .
The film stars James Brolin as Mr. Reagan and Judy Davis as Mrs. Reagan .
The 39-year-old Luster initially gave police a false name , but later revealed his true identity .
" For me , the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents , " according to extracts leaked yesterday .
" You know I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life , " Limbaugh said Friday on his program .
During a period of nearly a decade , Telemarketing Associates raised more than $ 7 million .
Also helping Tokyo stocks were hopes the government would next week adopt some of the market boosting proposals discussed on Thursday at a meeting of its top economic advisory panel .
An evaluation suggested there was no overall net clinical benefit in patients receiving the drug in the study , the companies said in a statement distributed by Business Wire .
At about 3 p.m. on Friday , a relative of Bondeson called police to report his apparent suicide .
Diana was at her lowest ebb when she wrote the letter to Paul Burrell claiming there was a plot to kill her .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC > rose 8.25 points , or 0.45 percent , to 1,861.15 .
The Supreme Court agreed Monday in Illinois vs. Telemarketing Associates .
Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld and others argued that Saddam Hussein possessed chemical and biological weapons and was hiding them .
Mr. Bergonzi was the finance chief from 1995 until his departure in 1999 , and was intimately involved in the alleged scheme to pump up Rite Aid 's earnings .
The only commercial carrier flying to Baghdad , Royal Jordanian , also suspended its flights for three days .
The new 25-member Governing Council 's first move was to scrap holidays honoring Saddam and his party and to create a public holiday marking the day of his downfall .
Democrats argue they are not constitutionally required to redraw the lines , and that proposed maps would disenfranchise minorities and rural Texas .
Officials say Peeler and Jones were never legally married but had a common-law marriage .
The girl turned up two days later at a convenience store several cities away , shaken but safe , and helped lead police to her alleged abductor .
The GAO found cable rates have increased 40 percent over the past five years , versus 12 percent inflation during the period .
Dan Powers , vice president of grid computing strategy at IBM Corp. , says he 's not worried about such off-the-shelf PC clusters threatening sales of traditional supercomputers .
The truck was later found parked near the Tacoma Mall about three miles away .
In March , Rowland 's former deputy chief of staff pleaded guilty to accepting gold and cash in return for steering state contracts .
Following California 's lead , several states and the federal government passed similar or stricter bans .
It ’ s just another example of the global war on terrorism and why this is going to be a long effort ” .
This was double the $ 818 million reported for the first three months of 2001 .
French special police raided a farm in Corsica on Friday , capturing the top suspect in the 1998 murder of France 's highest official on the Mediterranean island , officials said .
Since March 11 , when the market 's major indices were at their lowest levels since hitting multi-year lows in October , the tech-laden Nasdaq has climbed nearly 20 per cent .
The husband 's family says he has since passed two lie detector tests .
President Bush on Saturday became the first American president to address a joint session of the Philippine National Congress since Dwight Eisenhower in 1960 .
" Indeed , Iran should be put on notice that efforts to try to remake Iraq in their image will be aggressively put down , " he said .
Daniel C. Clark and James Hargadon ; a former priest , Bruce Ewing ; and two teachers are awaiting trial .
It said a civil complaint by the Securities and Exchange Commission is expected as well .
The letter stated that a premature stillborn baby was placed on the bed in a blanket .
" Although the preconditions for recovery remain in place , the prospect for external demand for UK output is weaker than previously expected . "
In a major setback to consumers , a federal judge granted the government 's request Thursday to shut down a company that helps customers buy cheaper prescription drugs from Canada .
The company reported that it terminated Sequent 's Unix contract for improper transfer of source code and development methods into Linux .
The American troops , who also defend the mayor 's compound , have been attacked on two separate occasions .
Peterson , 30 , was arrested in La Jolla April 18 after the two bodies were identified through DNA tests .
" There are some who feel that if they attack us , we may decide to leave prematurely , " Mr Bush said at the White House .
But the new vaccine will not even begin to be tested in people until 2005 and will not be approved for use for several years after that .
We need a certifiable pay as you go budget by mid-July or schools wont open in September , Strayhorn said .
Seven of the nine Democratic presidential candidates were also scheduled to address the forum .
The weapon turned out to be a Halloween toy .
" The woman was taken to New Charing Cross Hospital by ambulance and her condition is critical .
While opposition parties have welcomed the cabinet 's decision on anti-retroviral treatment , some said Health Minister Manto Tshabalala-Msimang was not fit to preside over a rollout plan .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC climbed 19.11 points , or 1.2 percent , to 1,615.02 .
Niels told an interviewer in 1999 he thought the Old Man would outlive him by many years .
The next court session will be when the three-judge tribunal announces its verdict in mid-February .
Following the ATP 's notification by Hewitt 's lawyers of pending action , it issued another statement that Hewitt has added to his suit .
The House passed a similar measure by a wide margin on Sept . 9 .
The indictment ``strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug trafficking world , ' ' said U.S. Attorney Marcos Jimenez .
It was to fly a plane in the White House . "
There was no way the man could hear him , but he turned in the rescuers ' direction , forlorn , hopeless .
Smith found the cigarette tax falls on the tobacco consumer , not the tribe , meaning the tribe is simply an agent for collecting a tax .
The North Shore Long Island Jewish Health System in New York announced plans for a tissue bank this month .
The announcement comes one day after Microsoft ’ s global security chief , Scott Charney , reiterated Microsoft ’ s promises to simplify the way it distributes patches to users .
The Dow Jones industrial average < .DJI > rose 98.74 points , or 1.12 percent , to 8,949.00 .
A nationally known computer hacker is being sought on a federal arrest warrant stemming from a sealed complaint in New York , a federal defender in California said Friday .
Civil liberties groups protested and a US district judge ruled that the monument was an unconstitutional promotion of religion .
Handspring shareholders will get 0.09 shares of the parent company , Palm , Inc . , for each share of Handspring common stock they currently own .
A few hours later , the House voted 256 to 170 to pass the Healthy Forest Restoration Act sponsored by Rep. Scott McInnis , R-Colo .
For Kathy Nicolo ( Jennifer Connelly ) , the house means stability and family .
It doesnt appear the children struggled , Prowers County Coroner Joe Giadone said Saturday .
A base configuration with a 2.0GHz Intel Celeron processor , 128M bytes of memory , a 40G-byte hard drive , and a CD-ROM drive costs US $ 729 .
The decision was among the most significant steps toward deregulation undertaken during the Bush administration .
I thought things went a bit overboard but I prefer to leave it on the field , " Sarwan said .
" Accusations of improper activity are as false today as they were when the Democrats first made them , " Grella said .
Power5 , like Power4 , includes two processor cores in a single slice of silicon .
Hearing was partially restored by an electronic ear implant .
Ryan Harvey , an outfielder from Dunedin High School in Florida , was selected with the sixth pick by the Chicago Cubs .
" New " farmers say they have increased the numbers of dogs they keep for " protection " but former farmers say the packs are used to hunt depleted wildlife .
That means Democrats can block any Supreme Court nominee through a filibuster if they can get 40 of their members to agree .
In January 1996 , two of his nude models were arrested atop of a Manhattan snowdrift , posed beneath an ice-cream parlor sign that advertised Frozen Fantasies .
" Here 's what happened : I go to their Web site and start complaining to them , would you please , please , please stop bothering me , " he said . "
His election was hailed in some quarters as a breakthrough for gay rights , but condemned in others as a violation of God 's word .
Only 29 families of frogs are known and most were identified and described in the mid-1800s and the last in 1926 .
The Fox Movie Channel has banned Charlie Chan .
She met Lady Mary at her Double Bay home yesterday to thank her for the donation .
Doctors have speculated that the body 's own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow .
Imam Samudra , 32 , is accused of being the " field commander " of the October 12 attacks that killed 202 people , mostly tourists .
Also at increased risk are those whose immune systems suppressed by medications or by diseases such as cancer , diabetes and AIDS .
But the prime minister told the BBC he wasn 't bothered by polls and that he would continue to do what he believed to be right .
Predictions ranged from 16 cents a share to 27 cents a share , according to Thomson First Call .
The juvenile arrested yesterday allegedly authored a variant of the worm known as " RPCSDBOT . "
Fires in Spain 's Extremadura region , which borders Portugal , have forced hundreds of people to evacuate their homes .
Brian Florence , 38 , died Sept . 25 of a heart attack in Alexandria , said the couple 's lawyer , Maranda Fritz .
The total for the Johnny Depp swashbuckler rose to $ 232.8 million .
Results from No. 2 U.S. soft drink maker PepsiCo Inc . PEP.N were likely to be in the spotlight .
Milberg Weiss Bershad Hynes & Lerach LLP said it filed suit in a New York court on Monday on behalf of the Southern Alaska Carpenters Pension Fund .
Bremer will focus on the politics , Garner said , adding that he expects Bremer to arrive in Iraq by next week .
President Bush called the blackout " a wake-up call " for Americans about the nation 's outdated power grid .
Elsewhere in the diary , Truman showed a more familiar side , colorful and outspoken in his disdain for life in the White House .
Goss said CIA Director George Tenet has provided the committee with 19 volumes of documents on prewar intelligence which has been made available to House members .
IBM stock rose $ 1.75 , to $ 84.50 , on the New York Stock Exchange .
The search was concentrated in northeast Pennsylvania , but State Police Trooper Tom Kelly acknowledged that Selenski could have traveled hundreds of miles by now .
The Infineon case began in August 2000 , when Rambus accused Infineon of patent infringement and Infineon counter-sued Rambus for breach of contract and fraud .
He planned Monday to formally announce the effort alongside several union presidents .
American has laid off 6,500 of its Missouri employees since Dec. 31 , according to Driskill .
Microsoft is preparing to alter its Internet Explorer browser , following a patent verdict that went against the company , Microsoft said Friday .
Shares of Bristol-Myers rose to $ 28 in electronic trading from the $ 26.90 close on the New York Stock Exchange .
This means Berlusconi will be safe from prosecution until he leaves elected office , scheduled for 2006 .
State health officials said Monday a young northeast Kansas woman likely has the state 's first case of monkeypox among humans or animals .
The Federal Open Market Committee meeting gets under way on Tuesday with a monetary policy decision due on Wednesday .
The S & P 500 and the Nasdaq indexes recorded their third straight week of gains .
Apple has also built a new VPN ( define ) server into Panther Server that supports Mac OS X , Windows or UNIX clients using PPTP and L2TP tunneling protocols .
" Of course I want to win again but I think it 's worse when you 've never won , because you are so anxious to win . "
Yang would dine on shredded pork with garlic and kung pao chicken washed down with Chinese tea , state media said .
Hurricane warnings were posted Friday along parts of the lower Texas coast as Tropical Storm Erika sped across the Gulf of Mexico and headed for landfall .
But in the first 30 seconds after Young entered the ring , the family knew it was an uneven match , Meyers said .
Pen Hadow , who became the first person to reach the geographic North Pole unsupported from Canada , has just over two days of rations left .
I never organised a youth camp for the diocese of Bendigo .
" It 's a huge black eye , " said New York Times Company chairman Arthur Sulzberger .
The Dow Jones industrial average advanced for the fourth week in a row .
General Jeffery announced he would give his substantial military pension accumulated over 40 years to charity during his stay at Government House .
The American Chamber of Commerce and InvestHK , which oversees investment into the territory , are talking to other bands to ask them to step in .
The venture owns five oil refineries and more than 2,100 filling stations in Russia and Ukraine .
" We can 't change the past , but we can do a lot about the future , " Sheehan said at a news conference Wednesday afternoon .
" We will accede to the request while we explore all of our options , " VeriSign spokesman Tom Galvin told Reuters .
It is a national concern that will touch virtually every American , " Abraham said .
The U.S.-backed Governing Council appointed a cabinet of 25 ministers , most of them little-known , saying they represented the will of Iraq .
Ximian brings Novell unparalleled expertise , strengthening our ability to work with [ our ] customers and leverage open source initiatives more constructively . "
The appeal came as NATO was preparing to the take command of the 5,000 strong International Security Assistance Force ( ISAF ) on Monday .
CS 's other main division , Financial Services , made a 666 million franc net profit , six percent below the prior quarter .
Late trading : Placing a buy order for a mutual fund after 4 p.m. ET and getting it at that day 's closing net asset value .
Hundreds of reporters and photographers swamped the courthouse grounds before the hearing , which was carried live on national cable networks .
" When I talked to him last time , did I think that was the end-all - one conversation with somebody ?
The teen was in critical condition with life-threatening wounds , police said in a news release .
The market 's broader gauges also posted big gains , having climbed higher for four consecutive weeks .
Iraqi doctors who treated former prisoner of war Jessica Lynch dismissed on Friday claims made in her biography that she was raped by her Iraqi captors .
" And about eight to 10 seconds down , I hit .
" And if there is a leak out of my administration , " he added , " I want to know who it is .
The NASD also alleges Young flew multiple times on Tyco corporate jets , often accompanied by Kozlowski .
" While many good people work in the telemarketing industry , " Bush said in prepared remarks , " the public is understandably losing patience with these unwanted phone calls , unwanted intrusions .
It is publishing the studies in the July issue of its Journal of Allergy and Clinical Immunology .
As you know , East Africa has been an area of terrorist threats and indeed terrorist attacks in the past . "
Using bookmarks and back and forth buttons - we had about eighteen different things we had in mind for the browser , " he told an industry audience in London yesterday .
" Kahuku Ranch has world - class qualities - tremendous resources , tremendous beauty and tremendous value to global biodiversity . "
In Las Vegas , agents entered two clubs — Cheetah 's and Jaguars — along with Galardi Enterprises , an office atop a bar and pool hall in downtown Las Vegas .
" It 's amazing to be part of an industry that rewards its young , " said Hernandez , who is a recent graduate of Parsons School of Design .
Several of the questions asked by the audience in the fast-paced forum were new to the candidates .
The agreement resolves a lawsuit AOL filed against Microsoft in January 2002 on behalf of its subsidiary , Netscape Communications .
Just five months ago , Dean committed to accepting taxpayer money and vowed to attack any Democrat who didnt .
A Commerce spokesman issued a brief statement late Friday , noting that the task force " evaluated regions of the world that are vital to global energy supply . "
Eustachy acknowledged at a news conference Wednesday that he was an alcoholic and was seeking treatment .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX advanced 2 points , or 0.24 percent , to 977 .
Elsewhere in Europe , Philips was up 4.6 percent after raising its targets for chip sales on Friday .
Telemarketers who call listed numbers could face FCC fines of up to $ 120,000 .
Pharmacy Guild president Richard Heslop said many pharmacy customers were also returning recalled products .
Pressure also came last night from religious circles as three Anglican bishops said it was time for their former colleague to step down .
This is a process and there will be other opportunities for people to participate in the rebuilding of Iraq . " he told reporters .
Earnings per share from recurring operations will be 13 cents to 14 cents .
It is almost certain to exacerbate the bitter divisions between Washington and Europe that have not abated since the end of the war in Iraq .
The S3C2440 CPU supports major operating systems including Microsoft Windows CE / Pocket PC , Palm OS , Symbian , and Linux .
Directed by Jonathan Lynn from a script by Elizabeth Hunter and Saladin K. Patterson .
The House and Senate are expected to vote on the omnibus bill in the next two months .
Former Secretary of State Bill Jones has also expressed interest in the race but has not yet announced plans .
I loved the Brazilian music I played .
His other films include " Malcolm X , " " Summer of Sam " and " Jungle Fever . "
" By its actions , the Bush administration threatens to give a bad name to a just war , " Lieberman said .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 98.32 , or about 1.1 percent , to 9011.53 .
On a planet that takes nearly 165 years to orbit the sun , spring can last more than 40 years .
Powers said almost all supercomputer users would rather pay companies like IBM to do all that than try to build their own .
The stretch of Danube river passing through the Balkans dropped so low that wrecks of World War II boats became visible .
The company has agreed terms on the purchase of the paper division of the Dutch office supplies group Buhrmann , the largest paper distributor in Europe .
That 's one reason why I 'm running to be president , " he told a rally in New Hampshire .
In a landmark ruling yesterday , the Court of Appeals ordered the Legislature and Gov. George Pataki to fix the funding system by July 30 , 2004 .
With the Fourth of July weekend approaching , state parks such as the Spruce Run Recreation Area in Union Township will be open .
She was the only woman in her unit and a member of Teamsters Local 995 .
In early afternoon trading , the Dow Jones industrial average was up 7.58 , or 0.1 percent , at 9,381.79 .
Kansas City drafted outfielder Chris Lubanski , from Kennedy-Kenrick High School in Pennsylvania , with the fifth pick .
Sir Wilfred Thesiger , traveller , writer , and one of the last solitary explorers of a shrinking planet , has died aged 93 .
Despite generic competition for acne drug Accutane , flagship drug sales rose 21 percent excluding exchange rate swings and nine percent in francs to 10.31 billion .
His wife , who he married in a first ever space wedding by a space phone during his lengthy mission , waited in Moscow .
A senior air force official and a member of parliament were also on board , state radio report said .
But butterflies exposed to an earlier light cycle , from 1am to 1pm , orientated themselves towards the south-east .
SCO intends to provide them with choices to help them run Linux in a legal and fully paid-for way , he said .
His birth on 4 May is revealed today in the journal Science .
Atlanta 's Hartsfield International Airport will test a nationwide security system that will collect fingerprints and take photographs of millions of foreign visitors each year .
He will replace Ron Dittemore , who announced his resignation April 23 .
D 'Cunha said , from a science standpoint , Toronto 's last case was April 19 , so the all-clear day was actually yesterday .
Altria shares fell 2.2 percent or 96 cents to $ 42.72 and were the Dow 's biggest percentage loser .
Dylan Baker and Lindsay Frost play her parents , Ed and Lois Smart .
American Masters : Arthur Miller , Elia Kazan and the Blacklist : None Without Sin ( Wed .
" Although some firms show BPO savings , vendors overstate their current offerings , " John C. McCarthy , Forrester Group director , said .
His protest led to a 47-hour standoff with police that caused huge traffic jams in downtown Washington and northern Virginia .
" We make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attacks , " she said .
Many of the victims of Sunday 's attack had been headed out of Iraq for R & R or emergency leave .
But U.S. administration officials moved to talk down Snow 's impact on currencies , saying his comments were not reflective of Washington 's policy and were merely an observation about the economy .
Canada won 't commit more troops to Afghanistan until the current year-long mission is complete , Prime Minister Jean Chretien said yesterday .
Cardenas and Estrada , who is on trial for economic plunder , have denied any involvement .
Her detention brings to 19 the number of the 55 most-wanted Iraqis now in US custody .
Ontario Premier Ernie Eves appointed a judge on Tuesday to hold an independent investigation into how the province has handled SARS .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 index rose 11.67 , or 1.2 percent , to 975.26 , having risen 3.3 percent last week .
" And if that ain 't a Democrat , then I must be at the wrong meeting . "
Miss Novikova said while there is no standard weight for ballerinas , Miss Volochkova is ' bigger than others ' .
It may suggest that the exchange give up its regulatory powers .
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has been gathering information on suspect cases .
There were no plans to build permanent US bases in Africa , Pentagon officials said .
Others rushed up the aisle to vocally protest the remarks , and one student tossed his cap and gown to the stage before leaving .
Intel updated investors midway through the quarter and said business was proceeding exactly as planned .
That package included increases to both the city 's sales and income taxes .
Dick is going to be there as long as Dick wants to be there , " Reuters reports Langone as saying .
Identical wording was introduced in the Senate last week by three Republicans , Wayne Allard ( Colo . ) , Jeff Sessions ( Ala . ) and Sam Brownback ( Kan . ) .
" It was to fly a plane into the White House , " Karas said .
The transaction will grant Handspring stockholders 0.09 of a share of Palm--and no shares of PalmSource--for each share of Handspring common stock .
Scholars in medical ethics have said the issue of medicating patients to improve their mental health to execute them might present formidable obstacles for doctors .
The cards are issued by Mexico 's consulates to its citizens living abroad and show the date of birth , a current photograph and the address of the card holder .
Galveston County District Attorney Kurt Sistrunk said his office received the recordings this week .
The US version will cost $ 99 for an individual licence , the same as the existing version .
Tampa Bay manager Lou Piniella , bench coach John McLaren and right fielder Aubrey Huff were ejected for arguing after Huff was called out on strikes to end the ninth .
" This legislation benefits the entire state of Illinois , every town , every city , every citizen , " Blagojevich told the crowd of political heavyweights at O 'Hare .
But he added group performance would improve in the second half of the year and beyond .
A call to Rev. Christopher Coyne , the spokesman for the archdiocese , was not immediately returned .
The companies also announced plans to collaborate on the design for future generations of memory technologies .
The United States and Russia have spent billions since the 1960s on a handful of space craft designed to land on Mars .
On March 6 , the board , most of them appointed by Gov. George Pataki , unanimously agreed to the hikes ; they were implemented at the beginning of this month .
What 's more , Mr. O 'Neill said that he hoped Hyundai would sell one million vehicles annually in the United States by 2010 .
The Securities and Exchange Commission has also initiated an informal probe of Coke .
However , several ministers from more developed APEC economies have said failure to fight terror will be a cost in itself .
Their difference was over whether the court should pay attention to legal opinions of other world courts , such as the European Court of Human Rights .
Kerr , who won three championships with the Chicago Bulls in the 90 's and one with the Spurs in 1999 , finished with 12 points , 3 assists and 2 rebounds .
The bulk of the funds , some $ 65 billion , will go for military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan .
About 400 of those taken into custody were charged with manufacturing or distributing child pornography on the Internet .
In 2002 , the West Nile virus infected 4,000 people and took 284 lives in the United States .
Former U.S. Rep. Frank McCloskey , 64 , died this afternoon in his home after a long battle with bladder cancer .
We need to challenge old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual , " he wrote .
Wal-Mart , Kohl 's Corp. , Family Dollar Stores Inc . , and Big Lots Inc. were among the merchants posting May sales that fell below Wall Street 's modest expectations .
Massachusetts does not have a state death penalty , and only once before - in Michigan - has the federal death penalty been given in a state without capital punishment .
A race observer sits in the passenger seat of the vehicle following the contestant car to record broken rules and track of the car 's time .
State unemployment last month stood at 6.4 percent , down from a revised 6.7 percent in August .
Medical experts said the condition was mildly worrying but easily-manageable .
Oracle shares fell 27 cents , or 2 percent , to $ 13.09 .
SMILING bomber Amrozi was inspired to launch an attack on Bali after his former Australian boss revealed the tourist island was a haven for sinful behaviour by westerners .
Merrill neither admitted to nor denied wrongdoing in the accord .
Passenger Keith Charlton , who helped tackle the man , last night praised the efforts of the injured chief flight attendant , known to passengers as Greg .
Paul Durousseau , 32 , was charged Tuesday with five counts of first-degree murder for the Dec. 19 to Feb. 5 killings .
Several black Democratic leaders were attempting to arrange a meeting with DNC chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoffs .
Now they are waiting to see if Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan will try and repair the damage in his testimony to the House next week .
In the total external disk storage system market , revenue increased 1.5 percent year over year in the third quarter , to $ 3.2 billion .
But the settlement also defers any payment to investors , potentially for years , until the securities lawsuits against the brokerage firms are resolved .
" Approximately 60 per cent of all national advertisers do not yet advertise in Spanish , " he said .
The movie opens this weekend and the companion game has been on sale since late last month .
Bond voiced disappointment that neither President Bush nor his brother attended the 2002 conference in Texas or the 2003 meeting in Florida .
The group ambitiously expects to issue guidelines by the end of the year and release products by late 2004 .
The dividend , the company 's second this calendar year , is payable Nov. 7 to shareholders of record at the close of business Oct. 17 .
Jim Guest , president of Consumers Union , said they stand by their reporting .
The GPO previously closed bookstores in San Francisco , Boston , Philadelphia , Chicago , Birmingham , Cleveland , and Columbus .
The defeat of the ninth seed Daniela Hantuchova on Wednesday was the only thing to disrupt an otherwise orderly second round in Serena Williams 's half of the women 's draw .
He was then given leave to appeal against the sentence to the Supreme Court of Appeal .
Prosecutors said Paracha , if convicted , could face at least 17 years in prison .
RT Jones analyst Juli Niemann said Grant was " the one we were all pulling for .
" Events on our system , in and of themselves , could not account for the widespread nature of the outage , " FirstEnergy Chief Executive Peter Burg told the House panel .
Adolescent specialist Dr Michael Cohen , who worked on the study , said doctors had treated eight-year-old children with anorexia - and that he had once treated a four-year-old boy .
Some 660 prisoners from 42 countries , including Canada , are held , many captured during the war against in Afghanistan the al-Qaida network .
The stock lost about 75 percent of its value after that bombshell and remains 40 percent below pre-disclosure levels .
Telemarketers argue that there is no logical link between the registry 's limited scope and advancing that interest .
Trading in Loral was halted yesterday ; the shares closed on Monday at $ 3.01 .
In addition to HP , vendors backing SMI-S include Computer Associates , EMC , IBM , Sun and Veritas .
The Securities and Exchange Commission brought a related civil case on Thursday .
He plans to visit an AIDS clinic in Uganda and meet with infected mothers in Nigeria .
Gyorgy Heizler , head of the local disaster unit , said the coach was carrying 38 passengers .
Analysts have estimated that Vivendi Uni could fetch $ 12 billion- $ 14 billion for VUE .
Details of the research appear in the Nov. 5 issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association .
Many compensation experts had predicted Carty would get a generous severance deal because his voluntary resignation helped keep the concessions deals in place .
Authorities appealed to the public Friday to come forward and provide what could be the key to solving the sniper-style shootings that have killed three people outside area convenience stores .
" We make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attack , " Barbara Comstock said .
Sales of downloaded singles and albums will be included in Billboard 's charts for those configurations .
The artists say the plan will harm French culture and punish those who need help most--performers who have a hard time lining up work .
You can use interactive features on the IRS Web site ( www.irs.gov ) to track refunds or advance child-credit payments .
The US Federal Trade Commission has also filed a lawsuit challenging Rambus .
He had also said an interest rate cut by the European Central Bank , which meets Thursday , would be welcome .
Hunt 's attorneys filed a motion late Monday in Forsyth Superior Court to have Hunt 's murder conviction thrown out .
Moore of Alabama says he will appeal his case to the nation 's highest court .
The only other JI member to reveal similar information is Omar al Faruq , now held at a secret location by the United States .
Like the outgoing centre-left coalition , the next government is expected to come under pressure to hand over indicted war criminals or risk losing Western aid .
That information was first reported in today 's editions of the New York Times .
The name for the robot , due to be launched at 2 : 05 p.m. , was selected from among 10,000 names submitted by U.S. school children .
Yeager said the suspect in the Target attack showed tendencies of being a prior offender .
Lee said Brianna had dragged food , toys and other things into the bedroom .
He added that we are " not going to make progress if we don 't broaden the tent . "
Now Infogrames has decided to change its name to Atari .
" Californians understand that we have some real problems in the state and they want common-sense solutions , and recall isnt one of them , " Davis adviser Roger Salazar said .
The average American makes four trips a day , 45 percent for shopping or errands .
" I 'm disgusted , physically sick in the stomach , " said Brent Newbury , president of the Rockland County Patrolmen 's Benevolent Association .
Gore said while the Patriot Act made some needed changes , it has " turned out to be , on balance , a terrible mistake . "
The 30-year bond US30YT = RR firmed 26 / 32 , taking its yield to 4.17 percent , after hitting another record low of 4.16 percent .
The Saudi newspaper Okaz reported Monday that suspects who escaped Saturday 's raid fled in a car that broke down on the outskirts of Mecca Sunday afternoon .
A gunman who had ``a beef with the Postal Service ' ' stormed into a suburban post office and took two employees hostage Wednesday , authorities said .
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners about 8 to 5 on the New York Stock Exchange .
AAA spokesman Jerry Cheske said prices may have affected some plans , but cheap hotel deals mitigated the effect .
Already , the impact of Chinas moves is sending ripples through the region .
Meanwhile , law enforcement officials in Palm Beach County , Fla . , where Limbaugh owns a $ 24 million mansion , said his drug use is under investigation .
The CBO analysis of the Senate package said an amendment sponsored by Sen. Maria Cantwell , D-Wash . , accounted for $ 40 billion of the total cost .
One of the Commission 's publicly stated goals is to ensure other producers ' server software can work with desktop computers running Windows as easily as Microsoft 's .
Most taxpayers will get surprise tax cuts of between $ 4 and $ 11 a week from July 1 .
PBL 's Channel Nine has been billed as Australia 's most popular commercial station after it recently recorded 26 consecutive weeks on top of the ratings .
In Europe , France 's CAC-40 fell 0.8 percent , Britain 's FTSE 100 lost 0.9 percent and Germany 's DAX index gave back 1 percent .
In 2001 , the number of death row inmates nationally fell for the first time in a generation .
Music mogul Simon Cowell 's latest project , a reality TV dating show called Cupid , airs in the US on Wednesday .
Investigators have meticulously looked into virtually every aspect of Campbell 's personal and financial affairs , Campbell has acknowledged .
The main change , said Jim Walton , CNN 's president , is a fundamental shift in the way CNN collects its news .
Jewish and Muslim leaders expressed horror at the proposals , which have not been approved .
Goold said reporters ' calls to Peterson may have been monitored .
The per-share earnings were 4 cents per share higher than the expectations of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call .
The Embraer jets are scheduled to be delivered by September 2006 .
IBM said it believes that the investigation arose from a separate SEC investigation of a customer of IBM 's Retail Store Solutions unit , which markets and sells point-of-sale products .
The three priests were careful to go through church channels first as they exercised their rights under canon law .
At a hearing before U.S. District Judge Miriam Goldman Cedarbaum , she was released without bail until her next court appearance June 19 .
Intel plans to present a paper on its findings today at a conference in Japan .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average held on to small gains , up 19.96 to 9,092.91 , while the S & P 500 index shed 0.39 to 981.25 .
Before Sunday , 19 firefighters assigned to wildfires had died on duty this year , according to Tracey Powers of the National Interagency Fire Center in Boise .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 index advanced 5.37 , or 0.5 percent , to 1,020.18 .
Then they moved inside the mosque and started firing on the people , ' ' he told the Associated Press .
Special police detained Khodorkovsky early on Saturday in the Siberian city of Novosibirsk , where his plane had made a refuelling stop .
It consisted of eight blacks , two Guyanese and two whites .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 17.33 points , or 1.07 percent , to 1,640.13 .
The U.N. Office of the Humanitarian Coordinator for Iraq last week reported that cases of diarrhea have tripled in Baghdad .
Novelist Michael Peterson was convicted Friday of murdering his wife , whose body was found in a pool of blood at the bottom of a staircase in their home .
Nearly 6,000 MTA drivers and train operators joined the mechanics in the picket line .
The March downturn was the only break in what has been broad growth in services for the past 15 months .
The seizure of the money was confirmed by a US Treasury official assigned to work with Iraqi financial officers in Baghdad in rebuilding the country 's banking and financial system .
Mrs Boncyk 's husband , Wayne , had taken the family car to work , so his wife and children had to ride with neighbours .
Kyi , a U.N. envoy says , as Japan adds to growing international pressure by saying it will halt its hefty economic aid unless Suu Kyi is freed .
At 5 p.m. EDT , Henri had maximum sustained winds near 50 mph , with some gusts reaching 60 mph .
The worst-affected area was South Kyongsang province where at least 15 people drowned and roads were swept away .
He left the ship after the collision , went to his home , and attempted suicide .
The Sars illness , wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , and economic uncertainty in Europe and the US have depressed air travel .
In December , he anticipated growth of 5.3 percent to nearly $ 154 billion .
According to the affidavit , Al-Amoudi made at least 10 trips to Libya using two American and one Yemeni passport .
His plan would cost more than $ 200 billion annually , which Gephardt would pay for by repealing Bush 's tax cuts .
" It 's probably not the easiest time to take over the shuttle program , " he added , " but I look forward to the challenge .
But Mr Kenny said his advice to Mr Hicks - if they are ever allowed to meet or speak - may well be that he accept a deal .
The cables can be engorged with far more power , and it can be turned on and off like a water spigot , making billing more accurate , Taub said .
The value of the deal has increased since BP first announced it in February .
Baer said he had concluded that lawyers for the two victims " have shown , albeit barely . . . that Iraq provided material support to bin Laden and al-Qaida . "
The study found that only about one-third of parents of sexually experienced 14-year-olds knew their children were having sex .
Schering-Plough shares fell 72 cents to close at $ 18.34 on the New York Stock Exchange .
Analysts had expected 53 cents a share , according to research firm Thomson First Call .
On Wednesday , a man was shot near Kut as he tried to run over two marines at a checkpoint .
In Chatsworth , 52km north-west of Los Angeles , residents of multimillion-dollar homes there were being told to begin gathering their belongings .
The man , Fazul Abdullah Mohammed , a Comoros islander , is on the U.S. FBI 's list of most wanted suspects .
The woman felt threatened and went to the magistrate 's office , police said .
Phone calls to Spitzer 's office , Citigroup and Goldman Sachs were not immediately returned .
Shares of AT & T climbed 4.4 percent or 90 cents to $ 21.40 , adding to the previous day 's gain of 6 percent .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 stock index ended the quarter up 120 points , a gain of 14 percent , the best performance for that broad market benchmark since 1998 .
Writing in the journal Geophysical Research Letters , Vincent ’ s team said all of the fresh water poured out of the 20 mile ( 30 km ) long Disraeli Fjord .
In Canada , the booming dollar will be in focus again as it tries to stay above the 75 cent ( U.S. ) mark .
The company 's chief executive retired and chief financial officer resigned .
Malvo , 18 , goes on trial Nov. 10 in the death of Franklin .
" I 'm quite positive about it except I wouldn 't want it to cut across anything now occurring and she accepts that , " he said .
The conservancy helped in the purchase of the land from the Estate of Samuel Mills Damon for $ 22 million .
The island nation reported 65 new cases on May 22 , a one day record , and 55 new cases on May 23 , making Taiwan 's epidemic the fastest-growing in the world .
NEC is pitching its wireless gear and management software to a variety of industries , including health care and hospitality .
There are an estimated 25,000 to 28,000 tribal fighters in the region , with thousands deployed in and around the town .
During the same quarter last year , EDS declared a profit of $ 354 million , or 72 cents per share .
His 1996 Chevrolet Tahoe was found abandoned in a Virginia Beach , Va . , parking lot June 25 .
Dunlap won both the swimsuit competition and the talent portion of the competition , singing " If I Could . "
The outbreak was especially intense in Colorado , where within the past month more than 6,300 people have been infected and at least six have died .
Durst was acquitted this week in the murder of his elderly neighbor , 71-year-old Morris Black .
They include two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports with the remainder Iraqis and Saudis , the official said .
The Mariners torched Randy Choate and Juan Acevedo in the eighth for four runs and a 12-5 bulge .
Roxio , which is based in Santa Clara , Calif . , would get access to the music libraries of the major labels and the Pressplay distribution system .
Moose frequently criticizes reporters and news organizations in the book , especially those that reported on leaks from investigators .
" I do not wish to be present during this witness , " he told Stanislaus County Superior Court Judge Al Girolami .
The 244th Engineer Battalion has been clearing rubble , building playgrounds and restoring irrigation in Iraq , the military said .
Several police officers were also said to be seriously hurt .
The number of extremely obese American adults - those who are at least 100 pounds overweight - has quadrupled since the 1980s to about 4 million .
Spot gold was quoted at $ 367.90 / 368.60 an ounce at 1000 GMT , having marched up to $ 369.50 -- a level not seen since February 10 .
On Thursday , Lee won a preliminary injunction in New York preventing Viacom from using the name " Spike TV . "
In afternoon trading in Europe , France 's CAC-40 rose 1.5 percent , Britain 's FTSE 100 gained 0.3 percent and Germany 's DAX index advanced 1.2 percent .
Seven Air Force Academy cadets face punishment for allegedly drinking with two high school girls .
North American futures pointed to a sub-par start to trading on Tuesday , with investors ready to get their first taste of quarterly earnings .
The leased applications are designed to help sales people track customer accounts and sales leads .
The WWF also thinks a further 13,000 animals are being caught every year around the Straits of Gibraltar and in nearby areas .
" There were a number of bureaucratic and administrative missed signals -- there 's not one person who 's responsible here , " Gehman said .
Chechen officials working for the Moscow-backed government are a frequent target for rebels and tension is running high ahead of next Sunday 's presidential election in war-torn Chechnya .
The total number of new cases in China was fewer than 100 for the third day in a row .
As part of his deal , Mr. Delainey has agreed to cooperate in the continuing investigation .
Pat Anderson , the attorney representing the parents , Bob and Mary Schindler , declined to comment .
The lawmakers were departing Wednesday and expected to arrive in Pyongyang on Friday .
The company will launch 800 hot spots , or " Wi-Fi Zones , " later this summer , and plans to have more than 2,100 by the end of the year .
Dusenbery 's fiancee , Jessica Wheat , said he was considering settling down in Fort Campbell and making the Army his career .
ATA shares were down $ 1.85 at $ 8.07 on the Nasdaq Stock Market in Tuesday afternoon trading .
About 120 potential jurors were being asked to complete a lengthy questionnaire .
With all precincts reporting , Fletcher — a three-term congressman from Lexington — had an overwhelming 57 percent of the vote .
Second comes HP ( 27 percent with $ 2.9 billion , up just 0.4 percent ) .
From July 1 , 2002 , to June 30 , 2003 , the organization said it spent $ 114.3 million but took in only $ 39.5 million .
They said he would be open to letting that license go to the city of Chicago .
" The result is an overall package that will provide significant economic growth for our employees over the next four years . "
In May 2002 , Malikah Alkebulan and Deirdre Small filed a federal lawsuit in Brooklyn for more than $ 20 million in damages after the MTA objected to their headdresses .
For the week , the Russell 2000 , the barometer of smaller company stocks , advanced 11.92 , or 2.5 percent , closing at 497.42 .
The agent , Bassem Youssef , filed the lawsuit on Friday in Federal District Court for the District of Columbia .
Enron spokesman Eric Thode declined to comment on the mediation order .
Bloodsworth was ultimately cleared with evidence gathered from a semen stain on the victim 's underwear .
The vulnerability affects NT 4.0 , NT 4.0 Terminal Services Edition , Windows 2000 , Windows XP and Windows Server 2003 .
Sunnis make up 77 percent of Pakistan 's population , Shiites 20 percent .
A total of 114 soldiers were killed in the active combat phase that began March 20 .
It passed only after Republicans won the support of two wavering senators , Democrat Ben Nelson of Nebraska and Republican George Voinovich of Ohio .
She concludes that what her husband did was morally wrong but not a betrayal of the public .
A New Castle County woman has become the first Delaware patient to contract the West Nile virus this year , the state 's Department of Health reported .
The Ministry of Defence is facing a 20m compensation claim from hundreds of Kenyan women who claim they were raped by British soldiers .
In the interview , Janet Racicot said she heard the thud from the kitchen , where she was getting a glass of water early Saturday morning .
Based on experience elsewhere , it could take up to two years before regular elections are held , he added .
The farmers market reopened Saturday ; at least 11 people remained hospitalized , three in critical condition .
It has a plus or minus 4.9 percent margin of error .
We intend to appeal vigorously and still expect to be vindicated ultimately .
He caused a stir by misnaming the mayor of Miami , Manny Diaz .
He was voluntarily castrated in 2001 , an operation he contends removed his ability to become sexually aroused .
Leung , who faces a maximum of 50 years in prison if convicted , also told the judge that she understood her constitutional rights .
Singapore is already the United States ' 12th-largest trading partner , with two-way trade totaling more than $ 34 billion .
Bush said that he ordered the Treasury Department to freeze the assets after the suicide bombing in Jerusalem that killed 20 people Tuesday .
He said that it would be ' ' very difficult ' ' to establish a cause of death .
Songs can be burned to CDs , but the same playlist can only be burned up to five times - Apple 's puts the limit at ten burns .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index < .SPX > was up 9.69 points , or 0.98 percent , at 994.53 .
A total of 17 cases have been confirmed in the southern city of Basra , the Organization said .
Lakhani was charged with attempting to provide material support and resources to a terrorist group and acting as an arms broker without a license .
Prior to joining Kodak , Palumbo worked for Procter & Gamble Corp. , where he managed products such as Folgers and Pantene shampoo .
The House Government Reform Committee rapidly approved the legislation this morning .
More than 1,000 people staged mostly peaceful protests during the talks , proclaiming that genetically modified foods weren 't the answer to the world 's food problems .
Tropical Storm Claudette continued its slow churn toward the Texas coast early Sunday , with forecasters expecting the plodding storm system to make landfall as a hurricane by early Tuesday .
Some state lawmakers say they remain hopeful Bush will sign it , though they acknowledge pressure on the governor to do otherwise .
Werdegar also said Intel 's servers were not harmed by the computer messages and the thousands of recipients were able to request that the e-mails stop , which Hamidi honored .
Genetic studies of ethnic groups raise concerns because of fears that they could be used or distorted to justify discrimination against a group or to promote stereotypes .
The report shows that drugs sold in Canadian pharmacies are manufactured in facilities approved by Health Canada - the FDA 's counterpart in Canada .
" We are very pleased that the court dismissed the vast majority of the plaintiff 's claims , " Coke spokeswoman Sonya Soutus said .
Aside from meeting Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao on the sidelines of the Forum , Mr Goh also met Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf and Tajikistan President Emomali Sharipovich Rakhmonov .
But the institute says the department " woefully underestimates " the changes that would occur under the proposal .
Goldman decided to increase its quarterly dividend to 25 cents a share from 12 cents , citing recent tax legislation as a primary factor behind the move .
Under Kansas law , it is illegal for children under the age of 16 to have sexual relations .
Trevor Fetter , who returned to Tenet as president last November , has been appointed as acting CEO , the company said .
The Nasdaq composite index rose 13.70 , or 0.8 per cent , to 1700.34 .
The Belgian probe centred on allegations that certain cereals firms were tipped off about prices two hours before they were officially available .
To the caller who claimed to have found a mini-cassette from the space shuttle Columbia : NASA is extremely interested in talking to you , " no-questions-asked " .
Smackdown , first organized by WWE , registered more than 400,000 voters for the 2000 presidential election .
Maddox , 87 , cracked two ribs when he fell about 10 days ago at an assisted living home where he was recovering from intestinal surgery , Virginia Carnes said .
More than 60 suspected cases have been reported in the United States , none of them fatal .
The company is highlighting the addition of .NET and J2EE support to its Enterprise Application Environment ( EAE ) with the new mainframe .
Because of that , the family had kept him from the home over the objections of the grandmother , police said .
Palm expects to move Handspring 's employees to Palm Solutions headquarters in Milpitas , Calif .
Massachusetts is one of 12 states that does not have the death penalty , having abolished capital punishment in 1984 .
Radio reports said hundreds of settlers converged on the four outposts overnight , hoping to disrupt their evacuation .
Jakarta has boosted the number of troops and police in the resource-rich province in recent weeks from 38,000 to more than 45,000 .
The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries defied expectations on Wednesday and lowered its output ceiling by 900,000 barrels a day to 24.5 million barrels starting in November .
A rival distributor , Mike Selwyn from United International Pictures , says that unlike The Matrix Revolutions , he cannot detect any advance scepticism , even within the business .
" The company has always made , and continues to make , exceptional customer service and customer satisfaction a top priority , " the statement said .
In a statement , the Redmond , Wash . , company said that it was acquiring the " intellectual property and technology assets " of GeCAD .
" He said they were in distress , " said Kingsville Police Chief Sam Granato .
GREAT train robber Ronnie Biggs was fighting for life last night after a massive heart attack .
Kodak earned 85 cents per share excluding one-time items in the quarter a year earlier .
Montgomery was one of the first places to enact such a law , but many places , including New York City , now ban smoking in bars .
He 'll present his proposals to the state Legislature in January .
From that point until costs reached $ 5,300 , the individual would pay 100 percent of the bill .
He was the Ace of Diamonds in a pack of cards depicting Iraqi fugitives that has been issued to U.S. troops .
Financial terms of the deal , expected to close this month , were not released .
Now , nearly two years later , Mallard prepares for trial on charges of murder and tampering with evidence .
" Generally unwanted - and often pornographic or with fraudulent intent - spam is a nuisance and a distraction , " Gates writes , warming us up for the punchline .
A navy official on the scene said divers were scanning the river bed with metal finders before rain drove them to shore .
Last year , Cuban officials said none of nearly two dozen nominated Cuban musicians received U.S. visas on time to attend the Grammys in Los Angeles .
The U.S. government and private technology experts warned Wednesday that hackers plan to attack thousands of Web sites Sunday in a loosely co-ordinated " contest " that could disrupt Internet traffic .
A demolitions expert for JI , al-Ghozi was arrested in Manila in January 2002 .
" He would often call me for advice , " said Ronald L. Kuby , a friend and well-known lawyer who had represented him in the harassment case .
Although deeply disapproved of in the Soviet Union , the Beatles popularity knew no bounds and far outreached any other Western rock music .
Only 12 of the last 30 attempts to reach Mars have succeeded ( two are in transit ) .
The rest said they belonged to another party or had no affiliation .
" It 's a terrible tragedy , people who were on the way home , all of a sudden , taken from us , " Bloomberg said at a dockside news conference .
The street-racing sequel " 2 Fast 2 Furious " won the pole position at the box office , taking in an estimated $ 52.1 million in its opening weekend .
Elsewhere , European stocks were barely changed but within a few points of year highs .
In early U.S. trade , the euro was down 1.06 percent at $ 1.1607 < EUR = > .
Sirius carries National Public Radio , although it doesn 't include popular shows such as " All Things Considered " and " Morning Edition . "
Representatives of abuse victims were dismayed by the development .
But he added : " You can 't win elections by looking in the rearview mirror . "
Pratt & Whitney had said that 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to Europe , with final assembly in Germany .
Resigning along with Brendsel was Vaughn Clarke , the company 's executive vice president and chief financial officer .
" The strength of demand for credit increases the danger associated with delaying ( a rate rise ) that is called for on general macroeconomic grounds , " Mr Macfarlane said .
Mr Li , deputy chairman of Cheung Kong Holdings , is the son of Hong Kong billionaire Li Ka-shing .
This was around the time Congress was debating a resolution granting the President broad authority to wage war .
The House would limit the increases to troops serving in Iraq and Afghanistan , not to those supporting the nation 's war efforts from bases outside the combat zone .
Kerry Kennedy Cuomo and Andrew Cuomo have been married 13 years .
Top U.S. executives are feeling increasingly sunny about business conditions and corporate profits , according to a survey released Monday .
In 2001 , Evan helped found an after-school nonviolence program named after a college student shot and killed by a teen gang member , said Alexis Lukas , the program supervisor .
The American conservatives are clearly in the minority within the Episcopal Church .
The Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign , of which Mr O Muireagáin was a member , welcomed his release .
Belcher said the airport 's conference room became a shelter for several area families who had hiked up wooded hillsides in advance of rising water .
It would be difficult to overestimate the potential dangers of the Remote Procedure Call ( RPC ) vulnerability .
He said Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling CDMA chips without much competition .
Elena Slough , considered to be the nation 's oldest person and the third oldest person in the world , died early Sunday morning .
But Secretary of State Colin Powell brushed off this possibility Wednesday .
At last nights protest , demonstratorschanted " tapping our phones , reading our mail , the LEIU should go to jail . "
" Both of these kids are in wonderful physical condition right now , " he said during a press briefing at the hospital .
Token-issuing framework provides capabilities that build on WS-Security and define extensions to request and issue security tokens and to manage trust relationships and secure conversations .
The best the investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions ... and question his competence as a manager . "
Many of the victims had been headed home for R & R or emergency leave when they were killed .
" The investigation appears to be focused on certain accounting practices common to the interactive entertainment industry , with specific emphasis on revenue recognition , " Activision said in an SEC filing .
The Modesto Bee and NBC were notified their calls had been intercepted , Goold said .
Debra Mitchell , a member of the church , said Wilson had recently lost her job .
Parrado remained on a Coast Guard cutter Wednesday as immigration officials attempt to determine his status , the Coast Guard said .
After protesters rushed the stage and twice cut power to the microphone , Hedges drew the speech to an early close .
The compilers are available in two flavors : the Intel C + + Compiler for Microsoft eMbedded Visual C + + retails for USD $ 399 and is intended for application development use .
" SCO has not shown us any evidence that we 've violated our agreements in any way , " IBM spokesperson Trink Guarino told internetnews.com.
The teen was in surgery at Sacred Heart Medical Center , and the extent of his injuries was not available , Bragdon said .
" Biotech products , if anything , may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing , " Fraley said .
Also Tuesday , the United States also released more Iraqi prisoners of war , and officials announced that all would soon be let go .
The new Finder puts a user 's folders , hard drive , network servers , iDisk and removable media in one location , providing one-click access .
During the fiscal second quarter , Cisco earned $ 991 million , or 14 cents a share , on sales of $ 4.7 billion .
Derek Jeter took batting practice on the field for the first time since dislocating his left shoulder on Opening Day and expects to begin a minor league rehab assignment tomorrow .
That risk , described as minor , remains " the predominant concern for the foreseeable future , " the statement released after the Fed meeting said .
The group will be headed by State Department official John S. Wolf , who has served in Australia , Vietnam , Greece and Pakistan .
" For us , that doesn 't make a difference - the sexual orientation , " Archbishop Tutu said in the black urban centre of Soweto .
On Thursday , a Post article argued that a 50 basis point cut from the Fed was more likely .
The stalemate , over less than 1 percent of the budget , is more about politics than policy .
Appleton said police continue to hold out the possibility that more than one person was involved in the poisonings .
" The actions reflect our strong forward momentum as we intensify our business focus and work to achieve profitability . "
He said there was no indication , so far , that Gehring used his card for hotels , motels or other overnight stops .
Kevin Rollins , Dell 's president , received $ 770,962 in salary and a bonus of just more than $ 2-million in fiscal 2003 .
Meanwhile , Lt. Gov. David Dewhurst alluded to an interparty political struggle : " Sounds like the Republican primary started early this year . "
The board 's final report , expected in late August , will stop short of assigning individual blame for the Columbia accident that killed seven astronauts , Gehman said .
More than 6,000 companies must get shareholders ' approval before granting their executives options and other stock compensation packages , the Securities and Exchange Commission said Monday .
Four people were found shot to death along a highway Tuesday morning and three others were wounded in a possible dispute involving immigrant smuggling , officials said .
The case had consolidated numerous class action suits filed against Rambus in 2001 .
One of the latest shootings was at a car on Sunday on I-270 , Franklin County sheriff 's Chief Deputy Steve Martin said .
It can store more than a gigabyte of information equivalent to around 12 hours of music in one cubic centimetre .
The latest arrests come as police continue to question a suspected " potential suicide bomber " detained in the south western town of Gloucester last Thursday .
In Britain , temperatures threatened to top the 37.1 C ( 98.8 F ) all-time high .
The Boston Archdiocese has faced waves of scandal that have not only angered victims ' advocates but parishioners and some priests .
State media said there were at least 770 dead and over 5,600 injured .
Justice Anthony M. Kennedy dissented in an opinion joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas .
He told the jury Stubbs is a " cold , calculating killer . "
The first biotechnology treatment for asthma , the constriction of the airways that affects millions around the world , received approval from the US Food and Drug Administration yesterday .
Strikingly , the poll saw little difference between women and men in their feelings towards Mrs Clinton .
The time was about 4 a.m. on March 18 , just hours before the first pinpoint missiles rained down on the capital .
" We see the First Amendment to protect religious liberty , not crush religious liberty , " said Patrick Mahoney , director of the Christian Defense Coalition .
The diocese reached a settlement in 2001 involving five priests and 26 plaintiffs for an undisclosed sum .
Also Thursday , the NYSE 's board elected six new directors - three non-industry representatives and three industry representatives .
Workers ' taxable income then is reduced by that amount .
A nationally board certified teacher with a master 's degree , Kelley , in his 30th year teaching , makes $ 65,000 .
Authorities in Alabama said the passage of time , and the transfer or retirement of some investigators , has not hurt their case .
The companies uniformly declined to give specific numbers on customer turnover , saying they will release those figures only when they report overall company performance at year-end .
In January , Georgia 's U.N. envoy Revaz Adamia accused Russia of annexing the region and appealed to the Security Council to " assume effective leadership over the peace process . "
More than half of the songs were purchased as albums , Apple said .
Furthermore , with the target fed funds rate at 1 percent , " substantial further conventional easings could be implemented if the FOMC judged such policy actions warranted . "
No dates have been set for the criminal or civil cases , but Shanley has pleaded not guilty .
" The law has several weaknesses which terrorists could exploit , undermining our defenses , " Ashcroft said .
Wim Wenders directed a widely praised film of the same name , based on the sessions .
Prosecutors contended that Mr. Durst had plotted the murder to assume Mr. Black 's identity .
She countersued for $ 125 million , saying Gruner & Jahr broke its contract with her by cutting her out of key editorial decisions .
On the cell 's surface , the foreign components are recognised by other cells that then realise it is infected and kill it .
In Canada , Tim Hortons ' same-store sales were up as much as 6.7 per cent .
" Any decision on Charleroi will have huge implications for regional airports in France , " he said .
The huge bottom-line loss stemmed from a 1.5 billion pound assets writedown , on top of a 3.5 billion first-half charge .
Variable annuity sales were $ 4.2 billion , 82 percent higher than a year ago .
The first trial of a suspect in last year 's Bali nightclub bombings that killed more than 200 people opened in Indonesia today , Sky News reported .
Representatives for Puretunes could not immediately be reached for comment Wednesday .
The interview , which also focuses on Schwarzenegger 's training routines and prowess as a bodybuilder , was reprinted this week on the website http : / / www.smokinggun.com.
Dixon put his style on display Sunday afternoon in winning the Honda Indy 225 at Pikes Peak International Raceway .
Shares of Microsoft fell 1 cent to close at $ 25.65 on the Nasdaq Stock Market .
Peterson 's lawyer , Mark Geragos of Los Angeles , was quick to swipe at the testing procedure .
A former candidate for governor of New York , he styled himself an advocate of better corporate governance .
Lewis , the WBC champion , can still fight June 21 at the Staples Center in Los Angeles against another opponent .
You have to dig deep and come up with the goods against guys who are out there competing with you . "
In the first hour of trading , the Dow Jones industrial average was up 34 points to 9,107 , while the Nasdaq composite index rose 2 points to 1,612 .
Sixty players and five coaches from the school attended the training camp in August in Preston Park , about 125 miles north of Philadelphia .
" No , what I do is I answer questions as to whether or not the help that is available is being delivered , " Bush said .
BEA Systems Inc . BEAS.O on Thursday said second-quarter profits rose 28 percent , as revenues grew amid a contracting overall market for business software .
Levin 's attorney , Bo Hitchcock , declined to comment Friday .
Bryant surrendered to authorities on Friday and posted a $ 25,000 bond .
The airline says only Robert Milton is taking a 15-per-cent reduction in pay .
He is a brother to three-year-old Mia , from Kate 's first marriage , to film producer Jim Threapleton .
Prince Saud said , " The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia has been wrongfully and morbidly accused of complicity in the tragic terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 . "
It would have been the first time in Texas history that the comptroller had not certified the budget .
He reiterated Schroder 's statement last week that Berlin would consider sending peacekeepers to Iraq only if requested by an interim Iraqi government or the United Nations under a U.N. mandate .
He also had management jobs at three space centers before being named director of Stennis .
Subsequently , some bondholders have filed suit to block the exchange offer .
Williams was White , and four of his victims were Black ; the fifth was White .
Sir Paul already has three children fashion designer Stella , 31 , Mary , 33 , and James , 25 by his wife Linda , who died from breast cancer in 1998 .
In the first stage of the attack , the Lovsan worm began fouling computers around the world .
On Wednesday , the total of National Guard and Reserve members called to active duty worldwide stood at 154,603 .
" Our own history should remind us that the union of democratic principle and practice is always a work in progress , " Rice said in reference to Iraq .
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners nearly 2 to 1 on the New York Stock Exchange .
On Wall Street , trading resumed with some glitches from the blackout that continued to affect parts of New York City .
The tuxedo shop was used as a front for laundering proceeds from a stolen credit cards .
Such a move has been widely predicted by industry observers and follows the recent announcement that Christopher Galvin , the company 's chairman and chief executive , would soon retire .
Where long-lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks in past decades , they are now lucky to catch one , the study found .
The telephone survey had a margin of error of 2 percentage points .
" As expected , second-quarter sales were weak driven by the combination of declining retail inventories and market-share losses , " said Robert A. Eckert , chief executive .
The stock rose $ 2.11 , or about 11 percent , to close Friday at $ 21.51 on the New York Stock Exchange .
Mall operators and retailers reported fewer people camping out for early-bird specials on Saturday morning , although many parking lots were crowded by early afternoon .
After the shooting , Hoffine fled to the nearby home of a friend , and allowed her and her daughter to leave .
In July , EMC agreed to acquire Legato Systems ( Nasdaq : LGTO ) for about $ 1.2 billion .
That fire , the largest wildfire in state history , charred 469,000 acres and destroyed 491 homes in surrounding communities .
ODonnell was just 3-of-5 for 24 yards and no touchdowns or interceptions a year ago .
He said it was not possible to rule out that the chemical was a cancer risk to humans .
They looked at their son-in-law and his relatives , but did not exchange words .
Duke and North Carolina have been resolute in their positions against expansion .
Byrd , speaking from the Senate floor , said he questioned " the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for purposes of a speech . "
At 5 p.m. EDT , Grace 's center was near latitude 25.6 north , longitude 93.7 west or about 280 miles east-southeast of Corpus Christi .
Four other men who were also charged in June have already pleaded guilty .
" We disagree with the judge 's decision on notice for Engine Company 261 , " said a statement by Michael A. Cardozo , the city 's corporation counsel .
Catholic Church officials reported that two miners were killed and six other protesters injured 50 miles ( 110 km ) outside of La Paz .
Disney has repeatedly said the " safety and enjoyment " of its guests were the reasons the company wanted the no-fly zones , and wants them maintained .
The two forms account for about 30 percent of the approximately 7 million immigration benefits applications received annually , immigration officials said .
Another million barrels , bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA , was to be loaded onto a Spanish tanker , Sandra Tapias .
The proposal likely would result in the election of 22 Republicans and 10 Democrats to Congress , instead of the state 's current 17 Democrats and 15 Republicans , officials say .
Associated Press Writers Michelle Morgante in San Diego and Ken Ritter in Las Vegas contributed to this article .
The fawn , named after Dr Duane Kraemer , one of the researchers , was born a few months ago .
A number below 50 suggests contraction in the manufacturing sector , while a number above that indicates expansion .
The poll , conducted by KRC Communications Research of Newton , was taken Wednesday and Thursday .
Instead , the high court said that drug makers did not adequately show why the plan should be prevented from taking effect .
The British ambassador to the United Nations , Sir Jeremy Greenstock , is scheduled to lead a Security Council Mission to the region in mid-May .
A positive PSA test has to be followed up with a biopsy or other procedures before cancer can be confirmed .
The provision requires the secretary of Health and Human Services ( news - web sites ) to certify that the importations can be done safely and will be cost-effective .
She said Jane Doe 's lawyers asked Verizon to withhold her name because she was planning on challenging the subpoena .
More than 400 people have been killed since August , including Afghan and foreign aid workers , U.S. and Afghan soldiers , officials and police , and many guerrillas .
Meat giant Smithfield Foods Inc. has won a bidding war to buy a bankrupt Midwestern pork producer .
In a statement , the company said both bids would allow Vivendi to " maintain a substantial minority interest in a U.S. media corporation with excellent growth potential . "
Special , sensitive light sensors pick up the telltale glow , he said .
" We acted because we saw the evidence in a dramatic new light - through the prism of our experience on 9-11 . "
U.S. law enforcement officials are sneering at Dar Heatherington 's version of the events which thrust her into the public spotlight .
Analysts ' consensus estimate from Thomson First Call was for a loss of $ 2.08 a share , excluding one-time items .
Close behind was India , 14.3 percent , followed by Thailand and the Philippines .
Allied forces have overthrown the government , moved into Saddam Hussein 's palaces and started to patrol the streets of the capital .
Law enforcement sources who spoke on condition of anonymity confirmed that Limbaugh was being investigated by the Palm Beach County , Fla . , state attorney 's office .
Wall Street was also waiting for aluminum maker Alcoa Inc . AA.N to report earnings after the close .
Limbaugh 's lawyer , Roy Black , has accused the Palm Beach State Attorney 's Office of having political motives for investigating whether the conservative radio commentator bought painkillers illegally .
It will appear in the next few weeks on the Web site of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
British-born astronaut Michael Foale is about to fly into space to take up his post as commander of the International Space Station .
As a teen , he stabbed a 6-year-old boy , nearly killing him , for no apparent reason .
The injured were taken to hospitals in Jefferson City and Columbia , a college town about 30 miles to the north .
Josephine Burke , who ran the unlicensed daycare , eventually served four months in prison on misdemeanor assault and child neglect charges .
Heatley was sixth in the league in goals last season with 41 and ninth in points with 89 .
Initial reports said the attackers fired from a mosque within in the city , 30 miles west of Baghdad .
AMD had revenue of $ 715 million and a loss of 42 cents a share during the March quarter .
But at age 15 , she 'd reached 260 pounds and a difficult decision : It was time to try surgery .
Congress twice before passed similar restrictions only to see President Bill Clinton veto them .
Stanford ( 46-15 ) takes on South Carolina today at 11 a.m. in the first game of the College World Series .
" In Iraq , " Sen. Pat Roberts , R-Kan . , chairman of the intelligence committee , said on CNN 's " Late Edition " Sunday , " we 're now fighting an anti-guerrilla ... effort . "
Some women are also concerned that so many women are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection .
The AP quotes a local policeman as saying the British troops were targeted by townspeople angry over civilian deaths during a demonstration yesterday in the town of Majar Al-Kabir .
The broad Standard & Poor 's 500 < .SPX > fell 10.75 points , or 1.02 percent , to 1,039.32 .
Egyptologists cast doubt Tuesday on an expedition 's claim that it may have found the mummy of Queen Nefertiti , one of the best-known ancient Egyptians .
Two years later , the insurance coverage would begin .
" Certainly what we know suggests that we should take what they 're saying very seriously , " he added .
We believe them to be without merit , and will defend ourselves vigorously .
Investigators were searching his home in Muenster in the presence of his wife when news of his death came , prosecutor Wolfgang Schweer told The Associated Press .
" A lot of these are made-up stories , " Schwarzenegger told NBC television .
ImClone Systems Inc. and Genentech Inc. led shares of U.S. biotechnology companies higher after medicines they are developing helped cancer patients in studies .
The Association of South East Asian Nations groups Brunei , Cambodia , Indonesia , Laos , Malaysia , Myanmar , the Philippines , Singapore , Thailand , and Vietnam .
The government identified the alleged hijackers as Francisco Lamas Carón , 29 , Luis Alberto Suarez Acosta , 22 , and Yosvani Martínez Acosta , 27 .
" They were an inspirational couple , selfless and courageous , " said the Oscar-winning film director .
" The bank requires growth from elsewhere in the economy and needs the economy to rebalance , " he said in an interview with the Press Association news agency .
Goodyear 's third-quarter earnings report , which had been scheduled to be released on Thursday , was postponed until November .
The MDC said a supporter , Tichaona Kaguru , died in hospital on Wednesday after being tortured and assaulted by soldiers putting down the protests .
This is the only planet that has been found in orbit around a binary star system .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average ended down 128 points , or 1.4 % , at 9073 , while the Nasdaq fell 34 points , or 2.1 % , to 1610 .
He also drove in a run on a groundout against Franklin in the fifth .
Violence persisted , with a U.S. soldier killed early Saturday while guarding a bank in west Baghdad .
Third-quarter revenue declined to $ 36.9 billion from $ 39.3 billion , primarily reflecting lower vehicle sales .
Deasean and Walker , a resident of nearby Barbey Street , were rushed to Brookdale Hospital Medical Center , where they died about 6 p.m. , O 'Brien said .
While a critical success , Luhrmann 's opulent production of the Puccini opera will end with losses of about $ US6 million ( $ A9.2 million ) .
New York City will get an estimated $ 182.5 million in tax revenue from the bonuses this year , compared with last year 's $ 125.4 million .
Berry also married and divorced his second wife twice , most recently in 1991 .
AMC has since asked the experienced Fluor company of the US to produce a detailed costing of the project , but the report is still two weeks away .
The United Nations ' International Atomic Energy Agency asked for information on the allegation after the dossier was published , but Britain did not provide any , U.N. officials said .
Britz earned $ 3.77 million in salary , bonus and other compensation , and Kinney earned $ 3.76 million .
It is the fifth such election in Iraq , after the northern city of Mosul and three cities in Iraq 's south .
" We are starting the epidemic with more cases and more areas affected than last year .
" It 's a huge black eye , " said publisher Arthur Ochs Sulzberger Jr . , whose family has controlled the paper since 1896 .
Preliminary reports were that the men were not seen together at the airport , sources said .
The girl turned up late Sunday at a convenience store in East Palo Alto , about 30 miles from her home .
Under Mexican law , bounty hunting is considered a form of kidnapping .
Democratic Lt. Gov. Cruz Bustamante and Republican state Sen. Tom McClintock are in different political worlds .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC gave up 3.88 points , or 0.24 percent , to 1,644.76 .
Tenet has been under scrutiny since November , when former Chief Executive Jeffrey Barbakow said the company used aggressive pricing to trigger higher payments for the sickest Medicare patients .
Officials with Rescue California , one of the groups leading the recall campaign , called the lawsuit laughable .
Federal officials gave the DPS officer an FAA number to call to initiate lost-aircraft procedures .
My judgment is 95 percent of that information could be declassified , become uncensored so the American people would know , " Mr. Shelby said on NBC 's " Meet the Press . "
However , one subset of women — those on hormonal treatment following chemotherapy — appeared to show improvement in survival .
" The impact of increased prices has only begun to be seen in the financial numbers of the company , " Noranda president and chief executive officer Derek Pannell said .
At a news conference on Staten Island , U.S. Attorney Roslynn Mauskopf announced she would be taking over the probe from District Attorney William Murphy .
Shadrin said Khodorkovsky 's aircraft was approached by officers identifying themselves as members of the FSB intelligence service , the domestic successor to the Soviet KGB .
American forces here organized the elections , which officials say are important steps toward establishing democracy in Iraq .
Washington is wary of involvement , given its commitments in Afghanistan and Iraq .
Earlier this year , the company announced a restatement of its 2002 , 2001 and 2000 financial results .
Paul Durousseau , 30 , was charged Tuesday with murder in five slayings between December and February , and also is suspected of a 1997 killing in the state of Georgia .
Analysts say Davis , who faces a historic recall election in October , could get a boost in the polls with a budget plan in place .
" We have sent a message to the nation that this is a new Louisiana , " she told a victory party in New Orleans .
State health officials have reported 18 suspected cases in Wisconsin , 10 in Indiana and five in Illinois .
No team has overcome a 3-1 deficit in the NBA Finals , and the New Jersey Nets don 't want to try their luck at such a daunting task . "
The Turkish troops also could be targets for attack , the ambassador acknowledged .
Sales at Ford fell 0.1 percent while sales at DaimlerChrysler rose 7 percent .
As temperatures soar above 50 degrees ( 120 Fahrenheit ) , fridges and air conditioners have stuttered to a halt in Basra .
The contract also includes a $ 200,000 buyout .
The reading for both August and July is the best seen since the survey began in August 1997 .
" This blackout was largely preventable , " Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said .
Trade deals between manufacturers and grocery retailers or distributors have long been governed by complicated contracts that offer retailers discounts , money for advertising or payments for prominent shelf space .
Hackett and Rossignol did not know each other and Hackett had no connection to Colby , Doyle said .
The winner of the Williams-Mauresmo match will play the winner of Justine Henin-Hardenne vs. Chanda Rubin .
Other , more traditional tests are also available .
Barbini 's comments came Tuesday , the second day of the Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology .
General Huweirini , who has worked closely with the US , was wounded in the shooting on December 4 , US officials said .
They varied greatly , ranging from one per cent or two per cent to 36 per cent for a speciality US brand called American Spirit .
Officials in Malawi said the five suspects had been on the CIA 's " watch list " since the twin 1998 truck bombings of U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania .
He was revived but was pronounced dead at Virginia Medical Center in Arlington .
The parade , which moves west along Eastern Parkway in the Crown Heights section of Brooklyn , went through the district Davis represented .
The two have no diplomatic ties and their already tense relationship has been frayed by the crisis over the North 's nuclear ambitions .
They passed through the Lemelson Medical , Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership in 2001 to Syndia .
Security lights have also been installed and police have swept the grounds for booby traps .
" I still want to be the candidate for guys with Confederate flags in their pickup trucks , " Dean said Friday in a telephone interview from New Hampshire .
Police searched Tanzi 's home near Parma on Wednesday , and prosecutors had sought to interrogate him that day only to find he had left Italy for an undisclosed foreign country .
The nine states are Alaska , Arizona , California , Colorado , Hawaii , Maine , Nevada , Oregon and Washington .
Only one third of high-speed trains within France were running , national rail company Societe Nationale des Chemins de Fer said .
Carlton Dotson , a teammate who lives in Hurlock , Md . , said he talked to police Friday but was instructed not to talk about the case .
It said the damage to the wing provided a pathway for hot gasses to penetrate the ship 's thermal armor during Columbia 's ill-fated reentry .
The Securities and Exchange Commission yesterday said companies trading on the biggest U.S. markets must win shareholder approval before granting stock options and other stock-based compensation plans to corporate executives .
The administration cited those links as primary justification for invading Iraq and toppling the regime of Saddam Hussein .
Shares of San Diego-based Jack In The Box closed at $ 21.49 , up 78 cents , or 3.8 percent , on the New York Stock Exchange .
O 'Keefe declined to discuss whether such photos from spy satellites might have been able to detect the small crack in the wing .
Except for a few archaic characteristics , they are as recognizable as Hamlet 's poor Yorick .
But the Foreign Affairs Committee yesterday cleared Blair 's cabinet of that accusation .
Four years ago , Nike was sued in state court by California activist Marc Kasky under a statute designed to protect consumers from false advertising .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC climbed 40.09 points , or 2.46 percent , to 1,666.58 , based on the latest data , and marking its highest close since May 23 , 2002 .
As previously announced , the final will be at the new Home Depot Center in Carson on Oct. 12 .
They said they also seized several items which might be linked to ritual killing , including an animal 's skull with a nail driven through it .
" The gloves are off , " said UNIFI official Rob O 'Neill .
" Clearly it is a tragic day for Americans , " he said in Washington .
With the economy sluggish , producers have had a tough time trying to raise prices .
That compares to a net loss of $ 6.6 million , or 47 cents per share , on revenue of $ 15.5 million in 2002 's second fiscal quarter .
Randall Simon singled to right for the second run .
Last month , it narrowed the range to between $ 7.6 billion and $ 7.8 billion .
Ukrainian President Leonid Kuchma today cut short a visit to Latin America as a bitter border wrangle between Ukraine and Russia deteriorates further .
Shares of LendingTree soared $ 5.99 , or 40.1 percent , to $ 20.68 in afternoon trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market .
One of the Oregon species was acclimated to a temperature of 65 , but survived until the aquarium temperature reached 87 .
Wall Street analysts expect 2004 revenue of $ 28.15 billion .
Russian Yuri Malenchenko , American Edward Lu and Pedro Duque of Spain landed in their Soyuz TMA-2 capsule at 0240 GMT .
Florida 's Third District Court of Appeal saidon Wednesdaythe original proceedings were " irretrievably tainted " by misconduct by lawyers representing the class .
The remaining five men continue to be questioned under Section 17 of the Terrorism Act .
The FBI later learned that two of the hijackers had lived near Awadallah in San Diego .
Shares in Tellabs were up 16 cents , or 2.2 percent , at $ 7.34 in morning trading on Nasdaq .
In addition , juries in both state and federal cases have become increasingly reluctant to impose the death penalty .
They also said the rule will make the nation 's electrical system more reliable -- a high-profile issue after last week 's massive power blackout .
A second victim , Michael Walker , 23 , was struck in the torso , the bullet perforating his lung .
Congress twice before passed similar restrictions , but President Bill Clinton vetoed them .
Mr. Dewhurst has called for a " cooling period " between special sessions , which could give the Democrats some time at home .
Henri was centered about 75 miles southwest of Cedar Key and was moving east-northeast at 5 mph , forecasters said .
" 30 years waiting for you , " read one banner hoisted over the crowd , as many wept tears of happiness at finally seeing and hearing their idol .
BaFin and the head of the principal finance group , Robin Saunders , were not immediately available to comment .
" The death of al-Ghozi signals that terrorists will never get far in the Philippines , " Arroyo said in a statement on Monday .
The notification was first reported Friday by MSNBC .
The biggest threat to order seemed to be looting and crime , including robberies by some of the prisoners freed by Saddam before the war .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC lost 2 points , or 0.18 percent , to 1,649 .
Tyco later said the loan had not been forgiven , and Swartz repaid it in full , with interest , according to his lawyer , Charles Stillman .
Energy prices dropped by 8.6 percent , the biggest decline since July 1986 .
" After careful analysis , WHO has concluded that the risk to travelers to Beijing is now minimal , " Omi said today at a news conference in Beijing .
Marjorie Scardino , the chief executive , said : " We have one headline .
However , disability declined by more than 10 percent for those 60 to 69 , the study said .
Media Editor Jon Friedman contributed to this story .
Finance Minister Masajuro Shiokawa said the yen has strengthened too much but declined to comment on whether Japan had intervened .
Mr. Parsons has been director of the Stennis Center , which specializes in rocket engine research and testing , since August .
The pressure will intensify today , with national coverage of the final round planned by ESPN and words that are even more difficult .
Lower state courts and federal courts are still hearing recall several recall cases , one of which a Los Angeles court dismissed on Friday .
Aspen Technology 's shares dropped 74 cents , or 23 percent , to close at $ 2.48 on the Nasdaq .
Chairman Michael Powell and FCC colleagues at the Wednesday hearing .
They are being held on immigration violations as the incident is investigated .
A sign outside the Peachtree Restaurant reads : " Pray for Eric Rudolph . "
He claims it may seem unrealistic only because little effort has been devoted to the concept .
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman said she will send a U.S. technical team to Canada to assist in the situation .
He said firefighters had an advantage on the northern flank because of an existing firebreak dug during last year 's fire north of Mount Lemmon .
A US programmer has developed a software tool that allows users to download shared music files using Apples Windows iTunes software , which was released last month .
They were released to authorities after officers delivered the soda to the gunman , using a long stick to pass the six-pack through a door .
Doctors have speculated that estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow .
Time magazine named the American soldier its Person of the Year for 2003 .
French Foreign Minister Dominique de Villepin was scheduled to arrive Sharm el-Sheikh on Wednesday .
" September and third-quarter data confirm that demand in the global semiconductor market is rising briskly , " George Scalise , the SIA 's president , said in the statement .
The Dow Jones industrials briefly surpassed the 9,000 mark for the first time since December . "
The lawsuit , filed after a 19-month investigation by the Employee Benefits Security Administration , names Lay and Skilling among others .
With the government grant added in , the airline earned $ 246 million , or 30 cents a share .
SSE shares were little changed , up 0.3 percent at 654 pence by 1018 GMT , but analysts welcomed the move .
One of the features is the ability to delete data on a handheld device or lock down the device should a user lose it .
Such a letter indicates the government intends to pursue an indictment and believes it has substantial evidence to support an indictment , the company said .
The attack by the three militant groups took place here at Erez , the main border crossing between Israel and Gaza .
Myanmar 's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will be kept under house arrest following her release from a hospital where she underwent surgery , her personal physician said Friday .
Responding to speculation that she was ready to retire , Justice Sandra Day O 'Connor indicated today that she would serve out the next term of the Supreme Court .
China would become only the third nation to put a human in space .
The Aspen Fire had charred more than 12,400 acres by today on Mount Lemmon just north of Tucson , and more than 250 homes had been destroyed .
More than 100 officers launched the raids in the final phase of a two-year operation investigating a cocaine import and money laundering ring .
New cases of SARS might continue to appear , the authors write ominously , " until the stratospheric supply of the causative agent becomes exhausted . "
Authorities in Ohio , Indiana and Michigan have searched for the bodies .
SEIU President Andrew Stern said the unions are " totally comfortable " with Dean 's positions .
Attorneys for the defense and media have filed documents opposing a gag order .
The capsule landed on its side and drifted about 12 metres , probably dragged by the main parachute .
Microsoft has released separate patches for client and administrative versions of Office 2003 .
Clayton 's shares were also suspended from trading on the New York Stock Exchange .
Actor Noah Wyle , who has played Dr. John Carter since the shows inception in 1994 , extended his contract with the show through the 2004-2005 season .
" Right from the beginning , we didn 't want to see anyone take a cut in pay .
SCO has also alleged that the generic Linux kernel contains code which is from its Unix property .
Paul Durousseau , 30 , was charged with murder in five Jacksonville slayings between December and February , and is also suspected of a 1997 Georgia killing .
Hewlett-Packard Co . HPQ.N , the No. 2 computer maker , rose 41 cents , or 2.4 percent , to $ 17.29 .
Over the weekend , NASA landed a six-wheeled robot on Mars to study the planet .
Garner said Iraq 's reconstruction was not as difficult as he had expected -- mainly because the war caused less infrastructure damage and fewer refugees than anticipated .
Even when the exchange detected violations , it often failed to take disciplinary action , the SEC said .
Neither military action nor large-scale bribery can solve the North Korean problem , Wolfowitz said .
Hines died of cancer Saturday in Los Angeles , publicist Allen Eichhorn said Sunday .
When the manager let him in the apartment , Brianna was in her mother 's bedroom lying in a baby 's bathtub , covered with a towel and watching cartoons .
As of Wednesday , there were 65 probable SARS cases in the Toronto region .
Shares of Genentech , a much larger company with several products on the market , rose more than 2 percent .
" I don 't think my brain is going to go dead this afternoon or next week , " he said .
Roslyn shares gained 82 cents to close at $ 20.79 yesterday in Nasdaq trading .
The report said the Corpus Christi-based agent twice called Escobar while the legislator was with the other protesting Democrats in Ardmore , Okla .
" During the investigation , Bryant was cooperative with investigators and remains cooperative with authorities , " the sheriff 's office said .
The Institute for Supply Management said its manufacturing index was 49.4 percent last month , up from 45.4 in April .
The Nasdaq Composite Index lost 16.95 , or 1.1 percent , to 1507.76 , its first slide in five days .
Under the plan being announced Wednesday in Washington , GM will provide Dow manufacturing plants with trucks containing fuel cell conversion equipment .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 index declined 6.11 , or 0.6 per cent , to 1003.27 , having shed 19.67 in the previous session .
Defense attorneys said Durst accidentally shot Black in the face as they struggled for a gun after the elderly man illegally entered his apartment .
" Dan brings to Coca-Cola enormous experience in managing some of the world 's largest and most familiar brands , " Mr. Heyer said .
I urge Congress to quickly resolve any differences and send me the final bill as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law . "
As of Tuesday , almost 250 health-care workers were in quarantine .
The WHIMS study found that combination hormone therapy doubled the risk for probable dementia in women 65 and older and did not prevent mild cognitive impairment .
Shares of LendingTree rose $ 6.21 , or 42 percent , to $ 20.90 after hitting $ 21.36 earlier .
The agency will " consider as timely any tax returns or payments due " Aug. 15 if they are submitted by Aug. 22 .
He led Philippine police to a tonne of TNT that officials say was intended for planned attacks in Singapore on Western targets , including US and Australian diplomatic posts .
He admits he occasionally lived the life of a playboy : smoking pot , chasing women and living fast and loose .
A draft statement , obtained by Reuters on Friday , stopped short of endorsing the U.S. charge but said some aspects of Iran 's programme raised " serious concern " .
In Europe , France 's CAC-40 rose 0.6 percent , Britain 's FTSE 100 slipped 0.02 percent and Germany 's DAX index advanced 0.8 percent .
Treasury prices rose slightly , sending the 10-year note yield down to 4.38 percent from 4.39 percent late Friday .
Their father had pleaded with the doctors to stop the fight after his wife 's euthanasia bid left their son in a coma and he was put on life-support .
A key question was whether France , which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. authorization for the war , would vote " Yes " or abstain .
Stony Brook University launched the study in 1996 , after earlier studies indicated a possible connection between electromagnetic fields and cancer .
" We need the somebody who notices them to come forward , " he told a news conference to introduce his successor , Brig. Gen. Mastin M. Robeson .
The test was conducted by the University of California at Los Angeles and Riverside and was paid $ 450,000 from the ARB .
The Senate 's proposal will need the support of the Democrat-led Assembly and Pataki to become law .
The ambassador said it was up to the Americans to press the Iraqis to make the invitation , which he said the United States appears unwilling to do .
Even the pizza man took part , delivering a flier with the missing girl 's picture along with the pizza and a two-liter bottle of Pepsi to Cruz 's house .
Falls in euro / yen also pushed down the dollar against the yen , with the pair at 118.32 yen compared with Friday 's late New York level of 118.51 .
Later in the day , a standoff developed between French soldiers and a Hema battlewagon that attempted to pass the UN compound .
There is no transcript the courtroom session in Tarrytown , 12 miles north of New York on the Hudson River .
They suspect the same anarchist group that claimed responsibility for the Dec. 21 explosions near his house , according to Italian news agency ANSA .
Almihdhar and Alhazmi were aboard American Airlines Flight 77 , which crashed into the Pentagon .
The priest , the Rev. John F. Johnston , 64 , of 35th Avenue in Jackson Heights , was charged with aggravated harassment and criminal possession of a weapon .
She told Murray , " We ... we have ... the fresh air is going down fast ! "
They cover more than 300,000 UAW workers and 500,000 retirees and spouses .
One witness told Anatolian he saw the plane on fire while it was still in the air .
Nine years ago , they were married by a justice of the peace .
More than 60 percent of the company 's 1,000 employees were killed in the attack .
That would give smokers the right to take complaints to the Human Rights Commission or Human Rights Review Tribunal .
The rioters shot one person in the shoulder and beat and stabbed others , police said .
The Nasdaq composite index rose 15.82 , or 0.9 percent , to 1,861.52 .
Technology stocks make up 42 percent of the Nasdaq , which fell 49.95 points , or 2.9 percent , to 1,698.02 .
His harsh criticism of PLO chairman Yasser Arafat led to his books being banned for a time by the Palestinian Authority .
British police claim they have been taking statements from more than 30 of the women .
They believe the same is true in humans , giving a 30 per cent higher risk of the disease .
" High-tech scam artists who think they can hijack the Internet should think again , " Ashcroft said .
Investors are taking heed of the latest warning from Japan 's top financial diplomat Zembei Mizoguchi that Japan would act to prevent excessive swings in rates .
Foam flaking off from all over the tank left dozens of pockmarks each flight on the thermal tiles that cover much of the shuttle , Turcotte said .
Oracle shares were also higher , trading up 12 cents at $ 13.60 .
Hill , 50 , would be the first person executed for killing an abortion doctor .
She had been barred on the grounds that her headscarf would violate the state 's neutrality in religion .
The shares fell 72 cents , or 3.8 percent , to $ 18.34 Monday on the New York Stock Exchange .
Mr Howard said he also had faith in the system under which Hicks could be tried .
A photograph of the doctor 's son , Ariel , holding the guitar appeared in the National Enquirer two weeks after Harrison 's death .
" I can say I am being forced into exile by the world superpower , " he said .
Earlier Thursday , PeopleSoft formally rejected the unsolicited bid from Oracle .
An officer in the People 's Liberation Army selected from a pool of 14 , Lt-Col Yang is the son of a teacher and an official at an agricultural firm .
No one has been killed in the attacks , which have continued despite major setbacks for al Qaeda in a battle with Saudi security forces .
Anyone with information on Lopez can call O 'Shea at 561-688-4068 or Crime Stoppers at 800-458-8477 .
But in the end , all the worm did was visit a pornography site , said Vincent Weafer , a security director with Symantec Security Response in California .
He said the problem needs to be corrected before the space shuttle fleet is cleared to fly again .
" We 're a quiet , peaceful town of 862 people and nothing ever happens , " said Carolyn Greene Bennett , Cedar Grove 's town recorder .
" September and third quarter data confirm that demand in the global semiconductor market is rising briskly , " said George Scalise , president of the SIA .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX slipped 11.83 points , or 1.20 percent , to 975.93 .
The awards are being announced today by the Albert and Mary Lasker Foundation .
" The accuser arrived at the hospital wearing yellow knit panties - with someone else 's semen and sperm in them , not that of Mr. Bryant , " Mackey hammered triumphantly .
China has threatened to execute or jail for life anyone who breaks their quarantine and intentionally spreads the killer SARS virus .
He transferred another 10 million shares to a charitable trust and these shares were also liquidated .
The A920 comes with a printer , scanner , and copier for $ 89 .
In after-hours trading , H-P shares rose 62 cents to $ 22.83 after adding 56 cents in the regular session .
The Institute for Supply Management 's manufacturing index rose to 49.4 in May from 45.4 in April , the biggest monthly gain since December .
But to see those pages , users would be required by Amazon to register , and Amazon plans to limit the amount of any single book a customer can view .
Oracle 's offer " undervalues the company and is not in the best interest of stockholders , " PeopleSoft CEO Craig Conway said .
Taiwan ranked No. 3 in the world behind China and Hong Kong for SARS deaths and cases .
" Our party will never be the choice of the NRA - and I am not looking to be the candidate of the NRA , " he said .
Georgia cannot afford to not get funding , " said Dr. Melinda Rowe , Chatham County 's health director .
Sovereign 's shares lost 74 cents , or 4.5 % , to $ 15.68 .
A month ago a military C-17 transporter returned to Baghdad when an engine exploded .
" Craxi begged me to intervene because he believed the operation damaged the state , " Mr Berlusconi said .
Goodrem , 18 , announced on Friday that she was suffering Hodgkin 's disease , a curable form of lymphoma cancer .
The new Army Commander is the Masaka Armoured Brigade commanding officer , Brigadier Aronda Nyakairima who is now promoted to major general .
The high profile two-week campaign – which started on September 28 – was designed to show a strong police presence around London .
But tropical storm warnings and watches were posted today for Haiti , western portions of the Dominican Republic , the southeastern Bahamas and the Turk and Caicos islands .
Justice Anthony Kennedy dissented in an opinion joined by Chief Justice William Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas .
Johnson and four other protesters were arrested soon afterward for blocking the roadway , a state misdemeanor .
" People just love e-mail , and it really bothers them that spam is ruining such a good thing , " said Deborah Fallows , the Pew researcher who wrote the report .
Cullen is replacing former chief privacy officer Richard Purcell , who left earlier this year .
Dr. William Winkenwerder , assistant secretary of Defense for health affairs , said the vaccine poses little danger .
As well as the dolphin scheme , the chaos has allowed foreign companies to engage in damaging logging and fishing operations without proper monitoring or export controls .
The charges were dismissed in Franklin County Municipal Court .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index edged up 1.01 points , or 0.1 percent , at 1,012.67 .
Shares of Berkeley , California-based Xoma dropped 89 cents , or 16 percent , to $ 4.60 in Instinet trading .
Then the authority can hold another set of public hearings on raising commuting costs , the judge said .
The epidemic began in November in the mainland 's Guangdong province , but the People 's Republic of China refused to report truthfully about its spread for four months .
The hospital where she is staying is being guarded by about a dozen undercover police and military intelligence officers .
It wants to force him to return his allegedly ill-gotten gains , with interest , and pay penalties .
" I 'm taking his office , and we 're gonna keep on building , ' ' he vowed . "
Two Iraqis and two Saudis grabbed shortly after the blast gave information leading to the arrest of the others , said the official .
A group of investors wants to start a TV network aimed at the estimated 8 million Muslims living in the United States .
The Nasdaq fell about 1.3 % for the month , snapping a seven-month winning streak .
A Connecticut judge Tuesday sentenced a man to 30 years in prison in the death of a teenage girl he met on the Internet .
Palestinian Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas told Palestinian Satellite TV the helicopter strike was a " terrorist attack . "
The processors were announced in San Jose at the Intel Developer Forum .
Chi-Chi 's has agreed to keep the restaurant closed until Jan. 2 - two months after it voluntarily closed following initial reports of the disease .
Andrew M. Cuomo and Kerry Kennedy Cuomo plan to divorce .
Jack Ferry , company spokesman , said that a search is in progress but would not comment on its status .
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 98.30 , or 1.1 percent , while bond values fell , too .
IAAF council member Jose Maria Odriozola said Drummond should be excluded from the championships .
Another million barrels , bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA , was to be loaded onto a Spanish tanker , the Sandra Tapias .
Legal experts said the case may mark the first time a parent has been convicted of contributing to a child 's suicide .
Bush said the United States was reviewing documents and interviewing Iraqis in an intensive effort to support the still unproven claim that Saddam had forbidden weapons .
Last year Bloomberg boycotted the parade because he wanted to march with two actors from " The Sopranos . "
Several relatives of Australian victims of the attack were in court to witness the proceedings , but few Balinese attended the trial .
In March 2002 , 63 percent of home broadband users connected via cable modem ; 34 percent used a DSL service .
Currently , about 37,000 U.S. troops are stationed in South Korea .
After their arrests , the men told investigators they paid to be smuggled into Blaine , Wash . , from Canada last month , two sources said .
Some 26.5 million shares changed hands , more than three times the daily average over 10 days of 6.8 million .
Two partners in Grant Thornton 's Italian business were arrested last week and questioned by magistrates investigating the collapse of Parmalat , the Italian dairy company .
" But I do question the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech . "
He also accused royal courtiers of poisoning the brothers ’ “ little minds ” .
Regardless , its first quarter saw a profit of $ 721 million , or 29 cents , on revenue of $ 17.9 billion .
Sixteen days later , as superheated air from the shuttle 's reentry rushed into the damaged wing , " there was no possibility for crew survival , " the board said .
The Syrian government has said nothing in public about the raid .
The United States accuses Saddam loyalists of attacks on oilfields and pipelines crucial to Iraq 's economic recovery .
They were held under Section 41 of the Terrorism Act 2000 on suspicion of involvement in the commission , preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism .
They are tired of paying the high cost of CDs and DVDs and prefer more flexible forms of on-demand media delivery . "
" I 'm pleased by the fact that we are bringing this to a conclusion , " he said .
The money was taken at 4 a.m. on March 18 , hours before the U.S. launched its first air strikes , the newspaper said .
Shares of Cellegy were down $ 2.04 , or 39 % , to $ 3.18 in midday trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market .
" We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight over a Supreme Court appointment .
Sales - a figure watched closely as a barometer of its health - rose 5 percent instead of falling as many industry experts had predicted .
Under the program , U.S. officials work with foreign port authorities to identify , target and search high-risk cargo .
The lawyer representing Torch Concepts , Rich Marsden did not respond to repeated phone calls .
United already has paid the city $ 34 million in penalties for missing the first round of employment targets .
The American military 's task is to provide the security in the meantime .
A few thousand troops , most from the division 's 3rd Brigade Combat Team based at Fort Benning in Columbus , began returning last week , with flights continuing through Friday .
Among the proposals is one for Zimbabwe to have the opportunity to rejoin the 54-member body before the next CHOGM meeting in two years .
" They will feel themselves to be deceived and they may well dismiss legitimate evidence of the risks of this and other drugs in the future .
The two Democrats on the five-member FCC held a press conference to sway opinion against Powell and the two other Republicans on the panel .
Earlier , he told France Inter-Radio , " I think we can now qualify what is happening as a genuine epidemic . "
The yield on the 3 5 / 8 percent February 2013 note dropped 2 basis points to 3.66 percent .
" This is not unanticipated , " Chief Deputy District Attorney John Goold said Monday .
After the war she spent three years in custody but tribunals cleared her of any wrongdoing .
Cool , moist air moved into Colorado early Thursday and brought precipitation to two wind-whipped wildfires that had forced thousands to flee and threatened several hundred homes .
It cut taxes while balancing the budget for three years and reduced Europe 's second highest per capita national debt .
After all , China isn 't racing anyoneso there 's no great rush , " Clark said .
Six countries have advised their citizens not to travel to Taiwan for any reason , the ministry said .
The other 18 people inside the building - two visitors and 16 employees , including Harrison 's ex-girlfriend - escaped without injury , Aaron said .
Five foreign embassies , including the Singapore embassy , in Bangkok were among the targets , it said .
" I think it should have been released years ago , " said Brian Rohrbough , whose son , Daniel , was killed at Columbine .
The federal government is approving new pesticides without basic information such as whether they harm children , says Canada 's environment commissioner .
The Web site is registered to Parson under his home address , allowing investigators to trace him easily .
The broad Standard & Poor 's 500 Index < .SPX > was up 8.79 points , or 0.96 percent , at 929.06 .
Called " Taxpayers Against the Recall , " it was to be launched Wednesday afternoon outside a Sacramento fire station .
He has declined to comment on the charges , but court documents indicate a lingering medical problem could be part of his defense .
The new law requires libraries and schools to use filters or lose federal financing .
Government workers trapped in a burning downtown office tower frantically dialed 911 as they tried to make their way through smoke-filled staircases and hallways , officials said .
Boeing shares fell nearly 4 percent to $ 27.54 in afternoon New York Stock Exchange trade , while Lockheed slipped 1.6 percent to $ 49.42 .
A council resolution is considered essential in giving Iraqi or U.S.-controlled entities in Baghdad the legal authority to export oil .
A beauty contest to be held in Italy next week may be the first for pixel-perfect pin-ups .
In Hong Kong , 24 patients were quarantined Wednesday after seven public hospital workers developed flu-like symptoms .
Analysts surveyed by Reuters Research expected earnings of 13 cents a share on revenue of $ 6.7 billion , on average .
" It 's hard to believe that we live in a society where parents wouldn 't be notified of an abortion , which is a very profound decision . "
The most recent was in 1998 , when Dr Barnett Slepian was killed in his home in Amherst , New York .
" I ´ m very proud of the citizens of this state , " Gov. John Baldacci said after votes from Tuesday ´ s referendum were counted .
South Asia follows , with 1.1 millions youths infected — 62 percent of them female .
The 1 5 / 8 percent note maturing in April 2005 gained 1 / 16 to 100 13 / 32 , lowering its yield 1 basis points to 1.41 percent .
Clearly Roman creams of any type do not normally survive in the archaeological record .
One man died and 15 others were hospitalized after drinking tainted coffee following the April 27 worship service at Gustaf Adolph Lutheran Church in New Sweden .
The second rover is scheduled for launch later this month , and both vehicles are expected to arrive at Mars in January .
Reagan is played by James Brolin , who is married to singer Barbra Streisand , a leading Democratic activist .
" At that time I didn 't agree , because the people who will be the victims are schoolchildren and security , " he says .
In September , a 27-year-old Singapore researcher contracted SARS while working in a laboratory .
Police said three of them had also been detained last week and held for two days as suspects over bomb attacks in Jakarta and the North Sumatran city of Medan .
The FTC also asked the judge to suspend his ruling pending its appeal .
Recall backers say they have collected 1,600,000 signatures , approaching twice the 897,158 needed to force an election .
Since June of last year the Red Cross has spent $ 114 million on disasters , but taken in only $ 40 million in donations .
The research is set to change how the public and doctors check for melanomas .
His next play , " Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter ? " a satire on Hollywood , lasted more than a year on Broadway .
Stocks have rallied sharply for more than three months in anticipation of a rebound in the second half of the year .
They face charges of robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer .
The judge 's decision ended an 18-month process that included a frenzy of last-minute negotiations between bidders and creditors during a standing-room only purchasing hearing in U.S. Bankruptcy Court .
" We 're just dealing with bragging rights here , who wins and who loses . "
A key to that effort was the company 's introduction of a 10-year , 100,000-mile warranty , meant to reassure buyers that they could trust the Korean company .
" If it ain 't broke , don 't fix it , " said Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle , D-S.D. " I don 't see much broken . "
Dotson , 21 , was arrested and charged on July 21 after reportedly telling authorities he shot Dennehy after Dennehy tried to shoot him .
Nick Markakis , a left-hander from Young Harris Junior College in Georgia , went to the Orioles with the seventh pick .
Since then , police divers have searched nearby parts of Long Island Sound looking for the remaining three .
In September 2002 , the nearby Gard region was hit by similar floods .
Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist , a Tennessee Republican , said he intended to work to get the loan provision removed from the final bill .
" We 've put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching progress , probably later than we should have .
The victim , who was also not identified , was taken to Kings County Hospital in critical condition .
" It 's safe to assume that the Senate is prepared to pass some form of cap , " King said .
Overall control will be wielded by a national security council , headed by Mr Arafat .
" If I was diagnosed today with CJD , I would ensure I received this treatment as soon as humanly possible .
Shares of the company , the second-largest U.S. coal producer behind Peabody Energy Corp. BTU.N , were up more than 3 percent in afternoon trade .
Microsoft has been awarded a patent for a feature in instant messaging that alerts a user when the person they are communicating with is inputting a message .
" The board did so and accepted that resignation , " said McCall , who chaired the meeting .
SCO net income of $ 4.5 million , or 33 cents per share , on revenue of $ 21.4 million , in 2003 's second fiscal quarter , ended April 30 .
" We think it 's great news , " Enron spokesman Eric Thode said .
But Adora Obi Nweze , the NAACP state president , said the state only tried to prove its conclusion of suicide , rather than consider the possibility of murder .
The 5,000 members have already pledged to relocate to the selected state , Free State Project organizers say .
Palm Beach County is considering adding up to $ 200 million more in incentives .
" This deal makes sense for both companies , " Brian Halla , National 's chief executive , said in a statement .
Notes : Cabrera , at 20 years , 63 days , is the second-youngest player to debut with the Marlins .
In 2002 , Linksys overtook Cisco Systems as the leading wireless equipment vendor , accounting for 14.1 percent of revenue .
All five suspects were charged with robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer .
On Jan. 10 , Shawanda Denise McCalister , who was also pregnant , was found bound and strangled in her apartment in the same neighbourhood .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index < .SPX > eased 7.57 points , or 0.76 percent , at 990.94 .
" What they have done is a thinly veiled attempt to do an end run around the Constitution , " she said .
Prosecutor Jim Hardin called the decision a victory for Kathleen Peterson 's family .
Seven of the nine major Democratic presidential candidates were to address the forum last night .
The transfers would reduce P & G 's worldwide work force to slightly less than 100,000 .
The $ 250 million expansion will boost Nissan 's total investment at its two Tennessee plants to $ 2.75 billion .
The Foreign Office says that Heaton is in detention but has not yet been charged with any offence .
Earlier this month , RIM had said it expected to report second-quarter earnings of between 7 cents and 11 cents a share .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index < .SPX > was off 4.86 points , or 0.49 percent , at 993.82 .
It would remove $ 55 billion in tax subsidies for exporters , which are illegal under international trade law , in exchange for new tax breaks .
The US investment bank said : " We believe the long-term prospects for the energy sector in the UK remain attractive . "
But while Microsoft 's share of the low-end server software market has increased since the EU 's investigation started five years ago , the firm has denied anti-competitive practices are to blame .
" Ex-Im board members displayed courage and environmental leadership in the face of considerable pressure , " Jon Sohn of Friends of the Earth said after the panel 's vote .
The House has already approved the measure , and Congress twice sent similar legislation to President Clinton , who vetoed it .
Immediately after the blast , people portraying some of the 150 " victims " stumbled amid the wreckage as emergency vehicles converged on the scene .
The broad Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX was up 8.79 points , or 0.96 percent , at 929.06 .
The search feature works with around 120,000 titles from 190 publishers , which translates into some 33 million pages of searchable text .
The court then stayed that injunction , pending an appeal by the Canadian company .
Preventing stronger gains , News Corp < NCP.AX > fell 1.3 percent to A $ 12.43 and Brambles < BIL.AX > dropped 1.9 percent to A $ 4.75 after a weak performance overnight .
" I started crying and yelling at him , ' What do you mean , what are you saying , why did you lie to me ? ' "
While JI has undoubted links with al-Qaeda , the relationship " may be less one of subservience ... than of mutual advantage and reciprocal assistance " .
Consolidated volume was heavy , with 2.17 billion shares traded , compared with 1.92 billion on Tuesday .
Nordstrom also is expanding its play area in the children 's clothes area , adding salt-water fish tanks and activities .
Under the agreement , LendingTree shareholders would receive 0.6199 of a USAi share for each share in LendingTree .
The report by the Justice Department 's inspector general found " significant problems " in the government 's handling of foreigners who were jailed under blanket edicts adopted by the department after the attacks .
Analysts expected earnings of 27 cents a share on revenue of $ 17.7 billion , Thomson First Call says .
TSMC also accused Syndia of trying to interfere with its customer relationships .
BofA said yesterday it had " policies in place that prohibit late-day trading " .
Ten police officers were facing disciplinary action yesterday after they abandoned their night patrol to watch David Blaine .
" Everyone who has a cell phone wishes they had a better one , " Huang said .
The American Film Institute recently named her the top female screen legend .
Helicopters hovered over al-Khalidiya into the early hours of Sunday .
" With Internet usage and broadband adoption continuing to escalate , marketers are throwing their weight and dollars behind interactive advertising , " said IAB President and CEO Greg Stuart .
They weighed an average 220 pounds ( 100 kg ) and needed to lose between 30 and 80 pounds .
Doctors would face fines and up to two years in prison for performing the procedure , except as a lifesaving step .
Late last month Microsoft restricted access to its MSN Messenger network .
Mr McDevitt has been granted control of three crucial aspects of policing in the Solomons .
By 10 p.m. , Claudette was centered about 320 miles east of Brownsville , with maximum sustained winds of 65 mph , 9 mph shy of hurricane strength .
And in the Muslim world , Osama bin Laden is becoming more of a hero , not less of one .
The Recording Industry Association of America says it plans to sue the song traders next month .
" I conclude that plaintiffs have shown , albeit barely ... that Iraq provided material support to Bin Laden and Al Qaeda , " Baer said .
Six vehicles , including one belonging to the army , were damaged in the powerful explosion .
Sentenced to 20 years to life , she was granted parole last month despite the opposition of relatives , friends and colleagues of the slain men .
The federal and local governments remained largely shut down in the aftermath of Hurricane Isabel , as were schools , and much of the region 's transportation network was slowed .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX gained 3 points , or 0.39 percent , at 924 .
General Wesley Clark finally confirmed this week that he would seek the Democratic nomination to run against President George Bush in next year 's presidential elections .
Revenue jumped 26 percent to $ 817 million , the South San Francisco-based company said in a statement .
Turki Nasser al-Dandani , another key Saudi operator for Al Qaeda and a second main suspect in the Riyadh bombings remains at large .
Spot gold was fetching $ 365.25 / 366.25 an ounce at 0520 GMT , having galloped as high as $ 368.90 -- a level not seen since February 10 .
The goal will be to reduce congestion by upgrading road , building tollways , facilitating public transit or any other means to improve mobility .
" The Princess ' marriage was not set up by force , " said Vasile Ionescu , of the Roma Centre for public policies .
Fewer than a dozen FBI agents were dispatched to secure and analyze evidence .
The manufacturers include Fujitsu Ltd . , Mitsubishi Electric Corp. , Motorola Japan Ltd . , NEC Corp. , Panasonic Mobile Communications Co . Ltd . , and Sharp Corp.
Gillette shares rose $ 1.45 , or 4.5 percent , to $ 33.95 in afternoon New York Stock Exchange trading .
" I ´ m very proud of the citizens of this state , " Gov. John Baldacci said .
Buyers can purchase a Windows- and Office-loaded desktop for $ 298 , excluding taxes , the report said .
Quattrone , 47 , was highly influential at Credit Suisse First Boston during the tech bubble .
A federal judge ruled that the monument violated the law and ordered it removed .
The Senate Armed Services Committee will hold a separate hearing Thursday .
He beat testicular cancer that had spread to his lungs and brain .
The hot technologies -- networking , storage and wireless products -- will be front and center this week .
" I will pass on to him [ Mr. Cheney ] that Canada still remains a safe , secure and reliable supply of energy , " Mr. Klein said Sunday .
With more and more Bluetooth-equipped cellular phones coming onto the market , " people are going to be sorry if they didn 't buy a PDA with Bluetooth , " he said .
Overall , students are most likely to be taught by a 15-year veteran with a growing workload and slightly eroding interest in staying in teaching , the work-force portrait shows .
Against the Swiss franc CHF = , the dollar was at 1.3172 francs , down 0.60 percent .
AMD will own a 60 percent interest in the new company and Fujitsu owns 40 percent .
A senior Malaysian member of JI testified in June that Bashir had approved the church bomb attacks and had called a meeting to plan Megawati 's assassination .
In Lytle Creek Canyon , a 4-foot-high mud flow crossed a road , trapping a car .
The Washington Times first reported yesterday that Army Capt. James .
After about three hours of negotiations , the gunman released the hostages after authorities delivered on his request for soft drinks .
The Opposition Leader , Simon Crean , said John Howard had been forced to make changes by the incompetence of his ministers .
A power cut in New York in 1977 left 9 million people without electricity for up to 25 hours .
If the subsidies are not repealed , the European Union is threatening trade sanctions against the United States .
Voters in Cleveland Heights , Ohio , were asked to decide whether to allow same-sex couples - and also unmarried heterosexual couples - to officially register as domestic partners .
On Jan. 10 , 20-year-old Shawanda Denise McCalister , who also was pregnant , was found bound and strangled in her apartment in the same neighborhood .
" It is a benign web where we hope to catch investors and where each of us can advance our enlightened self interest through cooperation with others . "
It was the third time in four years that wildfires forced the park to close .
Intel Corp. unveiled Wednesday its next generation processor for cellular phones , personal digital assistants and other wireless devices .
Bush is spending the weekend at his Crawford ranch , where he will play host to Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi .
A discouraging outlook from General Electric Co. sent its share down 81 cents ( U.S. ) or 2.7 per cent to $ 29.32 .
Indeed , prior defense filings said Moussaoui contended he was part of a post-Sept . 11 operation outside the United States .
He said that most of the 250 persons living near the disaster site were asleep when the cloudburst took place late on Thursday evening .
" I am listening to the same things I listened to 17 years ago , " Hollings said .
The two filed a lawsuit in 1998 , alleging IBM 's staff doctors never warned them that their symptoms could reflect chemical poisoning .
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI was down 63.09 points , or 0.68 percent , at 9,270.70 .
Wyles previous feature credits include White Oleander , Enough and Donnie Darko .
Economists said that raised the odds of a rate cut at the Fed 's next meeting on June 24-25 .
No pill is ever expected to replace earplugs and other mechanical ear protection .
The report ranked 45 large companies based on employment , marketing , procurement , community reinvestment and charitable donations .
Most other potential buyers are interested only in cherry-picking the most attractive assets .
In addition , David Jones will pay him $ 10 million to take over the Foodchain leases .
Motorola had scheduled its earnings report to be released today after the close of trading .
In terms of format , DVD music took off while legitimate online music broadened its reach , the IFPI said .
" To make sure that we avoided any perception of wrongdoing , we are not co-mingling appropriated and non-appropriated funds ( from Congress ) , " said Faletti .
Many of the countries affected , like Colombia and Ecuador , are considered critical to the administration 's efforts to bring stability to the Western Hemisphere .
Columbine gunman Dylan Klebold is shown firing a sawed-off shotgun in a video tape released by the Jefferson County Sheriff 's Department .
The latest shooting linked to the spree was a November 11 shooting at Hamilton Central Elementary School in Obetz , about 3km from the freeway .
Along with chip.m.aker Intel , the companies include Sony Corp. , Microsoft Corp. , Hewlett-Packard Co . , International Business Machines Corp. , Gateway Inc . , Nokia Corp. and others .
One of the company 's employees was hospitalized in critical condition at Lee Memorial Hospital in Fort Myers , said hospital administrative assistant Alex Reichert .
Dealers said the yen was also undermined by falling Japanese interest rates .
The jury verdict , reached Wednesday after less than four hours of deliberation , followed a 2 1 / 2 week trial , during which Waagner represented himself .
They said the child was taken to Nassau County Medical Center for observation .
An artist who painted a fake " CAUTION Low Flying Planes " sign on a building near ground zero said Tuesday that he did not mean to offend anyone .
He said that with the U.S.-backed peace plan , or road map , “ in a coma , ” the attack could easily widen conflict through the region .
Perry has since called two special legislative sessions to try force the redistricting plan through .
House Democrats renewed their push Wednesday for a deeper investigation into the handling of intelligence on Iraq 's weapons program .
On Thursday , authorities evacuated residents who live in the canyon and closed off the road leading there .
" Ms. Stewart is being prosecuted not because of who she is , but because of what she did , " Comey said .
He reportedly claims Prime Minister Sir Allan Kemakeza had made a deal with him to keep his guns while Harold Keke 's group was armed .
In the entire fiscal year , the company lost a record $ 1.27 billion , or $ 2.11 a share , on sales of nearly $ 3.1 billion .
Under NASD regulations , Mr. Young can file a response and request a hearing before an NASD panel .
" I think 70 percent of the work is already done , " Tauzin told reporters in the Capitol .
Think Dynamics , which is based in Toronto , will become part of IBM 's Software Group .
The appeals court hearing comes at a sensitive time for Microsoft .
The seizure occurred at 4am on March 18 , just hours before the first American air assault .
Cox said state police would still help his office in the investigation , but Sturdivant would not be involved .
The court 's 1992 decision reaffirmed the basic findings of Roe protecting abortion choice but lessened the standards of protection guaranteed to women by Roe .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC ended off 8.15 points , or 0.49 percent , at 1,644.03 .
The report released Monday simply says , This report does not attempt to address the complexities of this issue .
Taiwan reported 18 additional cases giving it a total of 149 cases and 13 deaths .
In the evening , he asked for six pizzas and soda , which police delivered .
" Admiral Black has provided spiritual guidance to thousands of service men and women during his 25 years of service , " Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist said yesterday .
That failure to act contributed to September the 11th and the failure to act today continues ( to put ) Americans in a vulnerable circumstance , " Graham said .
The top speed of Ethernet could hit 40G bps ( bits per second ) within the next two years , a senior Cisco Systems Inc. executive said Wednesday .
In their study , researchers tested the hearing of 479 men between 20 and 64 years old who were exposed to noise in their jobs .
PeopleSoft CEO Craig Conway has described Oracle 's $ 5.1 billion bid as " atrociously bad behaviour from a company with a history of atrociously bad behaviour " .
The 30-year bond US30YT = RR dipped 14 / 32 for a yield of 4.26 percent from 4.23 percent .
The news comes after Drax 's American owner , AES Corp. AES.N , last week walked away from the plant after banks and bondholders refused to accept its restructuring offer .
Labor 's Julia Gillard said it was a " major failure of coastal surveillance " .
Amrozi accused his brother , whom he called " the witness " , of deliberately distorting his evidence .
Money from Iraqi oil sales will go into that fund which will be controlled by the United States and Britain and used to rebuild the country .
The trial , featuring 125 witnesses , could continue until the start of 2004 .
The virus spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain familiar headings like " Thank You ! " and " Re : Details " .
Malvo was brought into the courtroom for about two minutes Monday so a witness could identify him .
Dos Reis is scheduled to be sentenced in Danbury Superior Court this morning on charges of first-degree manslaughter and second-degree sexual assault .
Mr. Weingarten said that he expected Mr. Ebbers , who turned 62 yesterday , to be fully exonerated at trial .
The Taiwan Stock Exchange will ask the Securities and Futures Commission ( SFC ) to suspend trading in Mosel shares .
Besides the fact that Americans want to be liked , she said , there is a " huge cost when world opinion is negative to the United States .
The findings were published in the July 1 issue of the Annals of Internal Medicine .
It was expected to raise the $ 90 million McGreevey expected .
A COUPLE have been arrested for starving their four sons while letting their daughters feast in front of them .
He was sentenced in June to more than seven years in prison for securities fraud , perjury and other crimes .
But for more than a century , an untold amount of money intended for some of the nation 's poorest residents was lost , stolen or never collected .
Bob Schindler : That 's correct , and the strategy behind that is , we wanted to kind of smoke him out , to see where he was coming from .
Bad publicity has already weakened sales which are highly profitable for retailers .
The operating revenues were $ 1.45 billion , an increase over last year 's result of $ 1.38 billion .
The company has expanded into providing other services for buyers , including payment services .
Prince William County prosecutors told a judge yesterday they now want the trial of sniper suspect John Allen Muhammad moved out of the area .
The MPx200 , which will sell for $ 299.99 , is now available through AT & T Wireless ' mMode service .
Long lines formed outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines Sunday as Israelis prepared to weather a strike that threatened to paralyze the country .
Earlier , they had defied a police order and cried " Allahu Akbar " ( God is Greatest ) as Bashir walked to his seat in the tightly guarded courtroom .
" We did not want to shut down , " Lawrence Diamond , the CFO , said as O 'Donnell lawyer Matthew Fishbein questioned him .
Median household income declined 1.1 percent between 2001 and 2002 to $ 42,409 .
Like Viacom , GE -- parent of NBC -- is also seen as a less enthusiastic bidder compared to the likes of Bronfman or Davis .
So far , however , only four companies have licensed the protocols , according to the report to the judge yesterday .
SARS , the deadly respiratory disease first detected in China last November , gave the agency its first real test of a new state-of-the-art emergency operations center .
After learning she would no longer get an experimental drug that treated her severe peanut allergy , Allison Smith reacted with panic .
He was convicted by a Ventura County Superior Court jury and sentenced in absentia to 124 years in prison .
Cindy Cohn , legal director for the Electronic Frontier Foundation , said that portion of the DMCA gives too much leeway to copyright holders .
Aquila is short of cash , and Avon bondholders at one point feared it may default on interest payments .
The case puts the Supreme Court back into the debate over the separation of church and state .
The attack on the al-Rashid Hotel , during the visit of Deputy Defence Secretary Paul Wolfowitz underscores the nature of the problem .
Federal investigators are looking for possible connections between the theft of 1,100 pounds of an explosive chemical from construction companies in Colorado and California in the past week .
But the new study , from the Women 's Health Initiative , said the opposite .
In terms of a free trade area , we 've got a long , long way to go and the Pakistanis understand that .
Yesterday , this honor was given to Firefighter Thomas C. Brick , who died last Tuesday battling a fire in an Upper Manhattan warehouse .
A $ 500 million natural-gas-fired power plant , for example , could replace up to $ 100 million in boilers yearly without adding new smog controls .
Massachusetts Attorney General Tom Reilly said he was satisfied with the reimbursement .
Hynix CEO E.J. Woo condemned the decision calling the ruling an " outrageous act aimed at a hidden agenda . "
Further out the curve , the benchmark 10-year note US10YT = RR shed 25 / 32 in price , taking its yield to 3.26 percent from 3.17 percent .
But a state judge has ruled that the so-called " double jeopardy " protections do not apply in the case .
Nationwide , severe acute respiratory syndrome has infected more than 5,300 people , about two-thirds of world 's total , and killed 343 of them .
" They did not read footnotes in a 90-page document , " said the official , referring to the section that contained the State Department 's dissent .
All five were charged with robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer .
It was the first suicide attack in Israel since October 4 , when a bomber killed 23 people .
Wall Street regained a positive track yesterday after two of Saddam Hussein 's sons were killed in a firefight in Iraq .
For the year , Marvell expects revenue of $ 760 million to $ 790 million .
On July 10 , a team of 32 Singaporean police officers was sent to Baghdad .
" Fewer than 10 " FBI offices have conducted investigations involving visits to mosques , the Justice Department said .
We don 't know if any will be SARS , " said Dr. James Young , Ontario 's commissioner of public safety .
Staff writer Dave Michaels contributed to this report .
" The accusation that I misappropriated money from Jennifer Lopez is both untrue and offensive , " Medina said in a statement .
The fight over online music sales was disclosed in documents filed last week with the judge and made available by the court yesterday .
" Smallpox is not the only threat to the public 's health , and vaccination is not the only tool for smallpox preparedness , " Strom said .
The two men , whose names were not released , both were using Pakistani passports and were seen together at the airport earlier in the evening , police said .
It would be cumbersome for restaurants that serve different meals each day , she said .
Drinking more coffee may reduce the risk of developing the most common form of diabetes , a study has found .
United said the new airline will expand next year to 40 Airbus A320 jets , each seating 156 passengers .
" Prospects for the whole Canadian aerospace industry are improving with recent developments contributing to the enhancement of the aircraft financing capability in this country , " Mr. Tellier said .
Eighty-six seriously wounded U.N. workers were airlifted out for medical care .
Total sales for the period declined 8.0 percent to $ 1.99 billion from a year earlier .
As such , consumers want to easily enjoy this content , regardless of the source , across different devices and locations in the home , said the group .
It 's one of several negotiating items where Canada appears to have caved in to U.S. demands and accepted less favourable terms .
" Contrary to the court 's decision , we firmly believe Congress gave the FTC authority to implement the national Do Not Call list .
Rescue and search operation had been going on since the tragedy happened on Thursday night , Manali Sub-Divisional Magistrate Raj Kumar Gautam told Times News Network .
Today , the Columbia Accident Investigation Board will issue its findings on what caused the accident .
The findings are being published today in the Annals of Internal Medicine .
" Imagine that in someone 's fucking brain , " Klebold said .
In the United States , 20.7 percent of all women smoke .
Sylvan Shalom , the Israeli Foreign Minister , said there was a possibility that Mr Bush “ will come to this area ” .
On Monday , one American soldier was killed and another was wounded when their convoy was ambushed in northern Iraq .
In the settlement , Tyrer agreed to pay $ US1.06 million in allegedly ill-gotten trading profits and $ US342,195 in interest , the SEC said .
" I have heard the people of New York say , ' Enough is enough , ' " Pataki said . "
The SEC specifically advised IBM that this is a fact-finding investigation and that it has not reached any conclusions related to this matter , IBM said in a statement .
Davis , who appointed all of the PUC commissioners , called the proposed settlement ``too expensive for the ratepayers .
Treasurys long-range plan is to provide retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability to manage their holdings online in a single account .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index < .SPX > edged down 9 points , or 0.98 percent , to 921 .
Vivendi shares closed 1.9 percent at 15.80 euros in Paris after falling 3.6 percent on Monday .
The draft statement said progress on the nuclear issue and the pending trade deal were " interdependent , indissociable and mutually reinforcing elements " .
" If that ain 't a Democrat , I must be at the wrong meeting , " he said .
Freddie Mac shares were down more than 16 per cent at $ 50.18 at midday yesterday .
Class-action suits expand exponentially the number of plaintiffs and damages in a lawsuit by allowing initial plaintiffs to plea on behalf of a far larger group with common interest .
Luzerne County District Attorney David Lupas told a news conference Monday that authorities were ``continuing to make significant progress ' ' in the case .
Synthes-Stratec 's cash payment for Mathys would be financed with cash on hand plus bank borrowings being arranged by Credit Suisse First Boston .
Police said they will conduct DNA tests to confirm the man 's identity .
Malpractice victims say limits on damage payouts make it less likely lawyers will take cases , meaning access to justice could be denied .
Iraqi officials say the attacks are being carried out by what they call outsiders who slip into Falluja and attack at night .
However , the talk was downplayed by PBL which said it would focus only on smaller purchases that were immediately earnings and cash flow accretive .
The charges came after the federal government prohibited the sheik from speaking with the media and imposed special measures restricting his access to mail , the telephone and visitors .
The Cradle of Liberty Council isn 't the first one to buck the national group 's stance .
The parents want her kept alive ; her husband says she never wanted to be kept alive artificially .
In 2001 and 2002 , wire transfers from 4 of the company 's 40 accounts totaled more than $ 3.2 billion , prosecutors said .
Jackson , 45 , posted a $ 3 million bond and returned to Las Vegas , where he is filming a music video .
U.S. manufacturing growth expanded for the third straight month in September but at a slower pace , according to a report released shortly after the opening bell .
Kline 's opinion dealt specifically with abortion providers , but it also would apply to doctors providing other services , such as prenatal care , to a pregnant child under 16 .
Revelations of the expenditures shocked some employees at Delta , an airline that is cutting jobs as it struggles with increased security costs and fewer passengers .
Upscale department store chain Nordstrom Inc . ( nyse : JWN - news - people ) jumped $ 1.49 , or 9.4 percent , to $ 17.35 .
The ISM noted that " with the exception of March 2003 , growth in business activity has been reported by ISM members every month beginning with February 2002 . "
At the Pentagon , the Department of Defense 's Inspector General has separately been asked to investigate how the telecom licences were awarded .
Lord of the Rings director Peter Jackson and companion Fran Walsh arrive at the 74th Annual Academy Awards .
Deaths in rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the number of traffic deaths in 2002 , the agency says .
Dividends are currently taxed at ordinary income tax rates of as much as 38.6 per cent .
Kenneth " Supreme " McGriff was sentenced to 37 months in prison for illegally possessing a handgun as a convicted felon at a firing range in Maryland .
Respondents who rated current business conditions as " bad " increased to 30.4 % from 28.1 % in June .
The Swedish central bank was also meeting on Wednesday and widely expected to announce a cut on Thursday .
" He wasnt like that , except for getting in a couple fights with his dad .
The bonds traded to below 60 percent of face value earlier this year .
Market research firm Dell 'Oro Group estimates this market will total $ 12 billion in 2004 .
Scotland Yard said the three were charged under the Anti-Terrorism , Crime and Security Act 2001 , with alleged failure to disclose information about acts of terrorism .
Holden toured Northmoor , a small town in Platte County , Mo . , where between 25 and 30 homes were either damaged or destroyed .
Tonight , 21-year-old Morgan and as many as 1,200 fellow students at Wheaton College will gather in the gym for the first real dance in the school 's 143-year history .
" Kmart needs to dramatically overhaul management in the areas of buying , store operations and sourcing , " he said .
About 1,557 genes on chromosome 6 are thought to be functional .
He says that " this is a time when we priests need to be renewing our pledge to celibacy , not questioning it .
The Pentagon says it 's a technique that 's been successful in predicting elections , even box-office receipts .
Mr Eddington described Monday 's talks with union leaders as " sensible " .
What 's next : If finally passed by the House , the measure moves to the Senate .
And they think the protein probably is involved in the spread of other forms of cancer .
The unusual decision to declassify an intelligence report came in an attempt to quiet a growing controversy over Mr Bush 's allegations about Iraq 's weapons programs .
He has a preliminary hearing Thursday to determine whether he 'll stand trial .
On Oct. 10 , an 18-year-old freshman member of the men 's swim team jumped from the same 10th-floor ledge .
Police official S.K. Tonapi told Reuters at least 40 people had been killed and more than 100 wounded .
A slit the size of one created in the test would let in a stream of gas three times as hot as a blowtorch . "
" Let 's show we won 't let them off , " said Marc Blondel , leader of the Force Ouvriere union .
Meanwhile , rival contender , General Electric 's NBC , submitted a letter of interest , a source familiar with the matter said .
" I never grabbed anyone and then pulled up their shirt and grabbed their breasts , and stuff like that .
The World Health Organization and the United States Centers for Disease Control sent down a team to look into it .
The national denomination of the Episcopal Church , with 2.3 million members , is the U.S. branch of the 77 million-member Anglican Communion .
And if we don 't do this , innocent people on the ground are going to die , too . "
In a statement later , he said it appeared his side had fallen a bit short .
At least 2 female patients sharing a room and 10 nurses have fevers or other symptoms , and about 100 people who have had contact with them have been quarantined .
" There were , " said board member and Nobel-prize winning Stanford physicist Douglas Osheroff , " some extremely bad decisions .
" The message is : If an individual is thinking of getting a flu shot , they shouldn 't wait .
In 2001 , President Bush named Kathy Gregg to the Student Loan Marketing Association board of directors .
On Friday , every major exhibitor will donate time to play daily trailers on all screens in more than 5,000 U.S. theaters .
The latest quarter 's profit was a penny above of the average estimate as compiled by Thomson First Call .
An Associated Press report is included .
Russia had closed checkpoints on parts of the border with China and Mongolia until June 4 , Itar-Tass news agency said .
The budget fell steadily until dropping as low as $ 2.93 billion in 1998 and has gradually risen to $ 3.27 billion for fiscal 2002 .
" He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words , " daughter Linda Hope said .
" It still remains to be seen whether the revenue recovery will be short- or long-lived , " Sprayregen said .
Yesterday , shares closed up 29 cents , or 0.54 percent , at $ 54.32 .
Recent U.S. appeals court rulings have required Internet providers to identify subscribers suspected of illegally sharing music and movie files .
Kinsley , for example , wrote in the Post Monday : " Sinners have long cherished the fantasy that William Bennett , the virtue magnate , might be among our number .
These plans would offer preventive health coverage as well as protection against catastrophic health-care expenses , neither of which is currently available under the government-run program .
Woori Finance is the only large bank remaining to be sold but the government still has large stakes in several other lenders .
They said no decisions had been made about how many troops would be moved , where they would come from , or where they would end up .
Artists are worried the plan would harm those who need help most - performers who have a difficult time lining up shows .
A smaller number , 8 per cent , looked for higher profits through price increases .
Second quarter sales came in at $ 645 million , up from $ 600 million the year before , AMD said .
In the second quarter , Anadarko now expects volume of 46 million BOE , down from 48 million BOE .
The Qantas colleagues were last night in a serious but stable condition after being rushed to Royal Melbourne Hospital .
Lee Janzen , who was tied atop the leaderboard with five holes left , finished with a 68 and tied for sixth .
The face of President Saddam Hussein was added to Iraqi currency after the 1991 Gulf War .
Wall Street analysts had expected 22 cents a share , according to Thomson First Call .
Knight had 29 interceptions in his six years with the Saints , including 17 the last three seasons .
But Mr. Peterson added , " I don 't know anybody in the conference committee who 's fighting to keep it out completely . "
The calculation shows that the number of deaths from pneumonia and influenza have exceeded the usual number for recent weeks .
The company claims it 's the largest single Apple VAR Xserve sale to date .
Tehran has made clear it will only sign the Additional Protocol introducing such inspections if a ban on the import of civilian Western nuclear technology is lifted .
IBM is also " pursuing membership in the group " and plans to be an active participant , according to the CELF statement .
Microsoft has proposed a work-around that consumers and enterprises should implement until a new patch is released .
But Nelson claims he did it because he was drunk on beer , not because Rosenbaum was jewish .
Judge Philpot told Dica : " There is no evidence of your remorse .
The indictment charges that Mzoudi was involved in preparations for the attack until the end and was aware of and supported the attackers ' violent goals .
Jim Eisenbrandt , Wittig 's attorney , also was not available for comment immediately ; his secretary said he was reviewing the report .
Hoffa , 62 , vanished on the afternoon of July 30 , 1975 , from a Bloomfield Township parking lot in Oakland County , about 25 miles north of Detroit .
Attorneys for the Roman Catholic archdiocese and nearly 250 alleged victims began meeting last week to reach an out-of-court settlement .
Oak Brook , IL-based McDonalds is expected to launch several hundred restaurants by year 's end .
She was persuaded not to resign but she was expected to be the victim of a forthcoming ministerial reshuffle .
Arts helped coach the youth on an eighth-grade football team at Lombardi Middle School in Green Bay .
FBI spokesman Steve Lazarus did not immediately return a phone call for comment on Friday .
There will be no vote on the issue but those opposed to Robinson 's appointment are thought to outnumber those who accept it by around 20 to 17 .
If convicted , Ciobanu could face up to 15 years in prison based on new laws in Romania designed to prosecute cybercrime , Softwin said .
A judge stayed an injunction against RIM that would have prevented it from selling the Blackberry device and services in the United States .
" Of course , I want to win again , but I think it 's worse when you have never won because you get anxious .
Mr Berlusconi is accused of bribing judges to influence the sale of the state-controlled SME food company in 1985 .
As frequently happens to a company making a major acquisition , PeopleSoft 's shares dropped during yesterday 's trading , decreasing $ 1.42 to close at $ 14.97 .
Gen. Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force based on ship in the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean .
In turn SuSE will license Java 2 Standard Edition while also formalising an existing agreement to distribute Sun 's Java Virtual Machine for running Java applications .
" Canada is a small country , and it needs companies like this , deals like this . "
" We 're in a highly competitive industry where few apparel brands own and operate manufacturing facilities in North America , " Levi Strauss Chief Executive Officer Phil Marineau said in a statement .
Florida 's primary isn 't until March 9 - following 28 other states .
" These despicable acts were committed by killers whose only faith is hate , " Bush said , adding that the United States will find the killers .
This Palm OS smart phone is the last product the company will release before it becomes a part of palmOne .
PC-related products were the strongest sellers , with microprocessors up 5.6 percent and DRAMs up 8.2 percent , the SIA said .
Unilever Bestfoods said Wednesday it would strip trans fats from its I Can 't Believe It 's Not Butter spreads by the middle of next year .
No Americans were reported among the casualties , according to Capt. Michael Calvert , a spokesman for the regiment .
Trading volume was incredibly light at 500.22 million shares , below an already thin 611.45 million exchanged at the same point Thursday .
" If the voluntary reliability standards were complied with , we wouldn 't have had a problem . "
That compared with $ 35.18 million , or 24 cents per share , in the year-ago period .
Some 50 million phone numbers are registered on the list , which was to take effect Oct. 1 .
That means that if the planet is in a season , it will continue to brighten for the next 20 years .
But homecomings for those soldiers , as well as the division 's 3rd Squadron , 7th Cavalry Regiment , have now been postponed indefinitely .
A prosecutor says Dorchester County parents were responsible for the death of their a 6-year-old autistic son , whose body was found in a pond near the family home .
A West Knoxville restaurant has reported several cases of hepatitis A to the Knox County Health Department .
MySQL AB on Tuesday announced that it had ported its open-source database to the HP-UX operating system on the 64-bit Intel Itanium 2 processor .
At 8 a.m. Friday , San Joaquin County Sheriff 's deputies found the body of Adan Avalos , 37 .
Officials said all three would be charged with conspiracy to commit murder .
Dennehy 's family reported him missing June 19 , seven days after he was last seen on campus .
The key vote Thursday came on the dividend tax provision offered by Sen. Don Nickles , R-Oklahoma .
The company said that with proper funding , ABthrax could be available for emergency use as early as the end of 2004 .
Legato stockholders will get 0.9 of a share of EMC stock for every share of Legato they own .
Plants still must abide by state and federal air-pollution laws , so there will not be an increase in smog , the administration argues .
Mr. Marshall demonstrated a preference for results over rhetoric in preparing the Civil Rights Act .
Nonetheless , the economy " has yet to exhibit sustainable growth . "
But Amrozi did not reveal and was not asked the company 's or his boss 's name .
The woman felt threatened and reported the incident to police , and around 2 : 30 p.m. Stackhouse was arrested .
The legislation opens the way for police and other personnel to be deployed to the Solomons and to carry out law enforcement functions .
Most of those killed were labourers from Jharkhand and Nepal who were working at Rohtang tunnel .
Baer said he had concluded that lawyers for the two victims " have shown , albeit barely ... that Iraq provided material support to bin Laden and al-Qaeda " .
" If the other rating agencies also downgrade us ..
With a wry smile , Mr. Bush replied , " You 're looking pretty young these days . "
President Vlad imir Putin threw his weight behind Russia ’ s main pro-Kremlin political party for the first time last week , ahead of parliamentary elections .
US authorities blame Al Qaeda for the attacks , which killed 231 people , including 12 Americans .
Tokyo Electric Power Co . , Asia 's largest power company , won approval to restart the first of 17 nuclear reactors it shut down after it admitted falsifying inspection reports .
He also said it is too early to know whether a second wave might occur later in the winter .
Mr. Rollins made $ 721,154 in salary and $ 243,389 in bonuses in the prior fiscal year .
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average eased 44 points , or 0.47 percent , to 9,543 , after scoring five consecutive up sessions .
Michael Mitchell , the chief public defender in Baton Rouge who is representing Lee , did not answer his phone Wednesday afternoon .
Another was in serious condition at Northwest Medical Center in Springdale .
Out of the nearly $ 20 billion , $ 18.6 billion is earmarked for reconstruction of Iraq and $ 1.2 billion for Afghanistan .
Although Mr Sorbello was taken to hospital for a check-up , he was later released .
An 18-month run for it in Toronto was originally planned as part of a North American tour .
First , it 's found in most versions of Windows , including the new Windows Server 2003 .
One of the most well studied facets of temperament is how people respond to novelty .
Telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies is being investigated by two federal agencies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia .
Investigations by the Air Force inspector general and the Defense Department also are under way .
" His statement is that he possibly hit the gas instead of the brakes , " Mr Butts said .
Between 50 and 100 persons die annually from these allergies , and thousands more suffer severe reactions such as constricted breathing and dramatic swelling .
In an editorial in the journal , two breast cancer researchers said hormones ' effect on the breast creates a double-whammy that is " almost unique " in medicine .
The value will total about $ 124 million , including convertible securities , according to Corel .
" We are in the process of a thorough internal review with the assistance of outside professionals , " she said in the statement .
About 1,000 people attended the ceremony , kicking off two days of observances tied to the March on Washington .
Mr. Gettelfinger said at that news conference that " we are going to continue to hammer away at the negotiations process until we reach an agreement , " with Ford and G.M.
The Communicator can also consolidate e-mail from multiple screen names and other POP and IMAP accounts into a single application .
Mr. Grassley and Mr. Baucus rejected any disparity in drug benefits .
The department told airlines " the threat level to UK civil aviation interests in Kenya has increased to imminent .
The tech-heavy Nasdaq composite index fell 3.99 , or 0.2 percent , to 1,682.72 , following a two-day win of 55.93 .
That investigation closed without any charges being laid .
Although obesity can increase the risk of health problems , skeptics argue , so do smoking and high cholesterol .
The other 18 people inside the building -- two visitors and 16 employees , including Harrison 's ex-girlfriend -- escaped unharmed , Aaron said .
Dowdell was transported to Boston Medical Center with nonlife-threatening injuries .
The acquisition has been approved by both companies ' board of directors and is expected to close in the third quarter this year .
It also named Robert Willumstad chief operating officer , also to take effect by Jan. 1 , 2004 .
Taher , acting against his attorney 's advice , became the fifth member of a group of six Yemeni-Americans to enter a plea agreement with the government in the case .
Stealing identities and credit card numbers with bogus e-mail and websites that appear to come from legitimate companies is an increasing problem on the Internet , federal officials warned Monday .
" The GPL violates the U.S. Constitution , together with copyright , antitrust and export control laws , " SCO Group said in an answer filed to an IBM court filing .
The long-running newsmagazine Dateline NBC has been cut from three to two airings per week and is searching for a replacement for retiring co-anchor Jane Pauley .
Shirley Hazzard and Edward P. Jones , both of whom needed more than a decade to complete their current novels , are among this year 's nominees .
It recommended that consideration be given to making the job of CIA director a career post instead of a political appointment .
Pope John Paul has health problems but is still at the helm of the Roman Catholic Church , the pope 's top aide has told Reuters .
Companies that fall under that definition are subject to much less stringent regulation .
Russia , along with France , China and others , advocate a stronger U.N. role to give a U.S.-chosen Iraqi authority international legitimacy .
Thursday , Mr. Romanow called it an offence to democracy to not implement a council that so many Canadians support .
O 'Donnell wrote in her autobiography , " Find Me , " that she was " an abused child . "
The book , scheduled for release next month , is described by Franken as a criticism of right-wing leaders and media spokesmen .
" But the reality is that there needs to be a big structural change , " she added , " and you can 't do that without funding . "
The final will be at the new Home Depot Center in Carson on Oct. 12 .
Analysts surveyed by Reuters Research had been looking for , on average , revenue of $ 723 million and a loss of 28 cents a share .
Furthermore , Bremer estimated that as many as 200 operatives from the extremist group Ansar al-Islam have slipped back into the country since May 1 .
But the justices ruled that the police supervisor who repeatedly questioned Martinez did not violate his Fifth Amendment rights in doing so .
In the 1990 's , the board found , budget cuts and trade-offs ate away at the shuttle program 's safety margins .
Xerox shares closed at $ 11.45 , up 2 cents on the New York Stock Exchange .
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI edged down 28.08 points , or 0.3 percent , at 9,256.49 .
The search was concentrated in northeast Pennsylvania , but state trooper Tom Kelly acknowledged that Selenski could have traveled hundreds of miles by now .
Sean Harrigan , president of the California Public Employees ' Retirement System , also suggested paring down the NYSE 's 27-member board , changing its composition and making it more accountable .
Bush 's aides describe Omaha as the most crucial stop , since Sen. Ben Nelson ( D-Neb . ) has become their top lobbying target on the tax cut package .
About 130,000 U.S. troops remain in Iraq , with others deployed in Afghanistan , South Korea and elsewhere .
Bolland told the News of the World : “ I was astonished at Sir Michael ’ s question .
Cambone said U.S forces found the tractor-trailer April 19 at a Kurdish checkpoint near the city of Mosul in northern Iraq .
India blamed that and other attacks on Pakistan-based militants fighting Indian rule in Kashmir , its only Muslim-majority state .
Apple is working with Oxford Semiconductor and affected drive manufacturers to resolve this issue , which resides in the Oxford 922 chipset , " the company statement said .
SSE CEO Marchant said he would sell on Midlands ' power generation assets in Turkey and Pakistan to fellow British utility International Power Plc IPR.L for 21 million pounds .
Before the blast , Wells told police he had been forced to rob the bank and asked police to help him remove the bomb .
The book , called " Lies and the Lying Liars Who Tell Them : A Fair and Balanced Look at the Right , " hits stores this weekend .
McKnight 's lawyers say there is no proof her cocaine use caused the child 's death .
The ELF has claimed responsibility for a slew of arson attacks against commercial entities that members say threaten or damage the environment .
Microsoft , which acquired Virtual PC from Connectix in February , said a fix for the problem is not around the corner .
Schools Chancellor Joel Klein said the push for higher standards and accountability " is showing results . "
The Nasdaq composite index fell 25.17 , or 1.4 percent , to 1,792.07 following a loss of 26.46 the previous session .
His decision was delayed by concerns over the budget process in Washington and the war in Iraq .
Five alternate jurors were also chosen , with a final one set to be selected Friday morning from the panel .
" After what happened here ... it 's tacky and unpatriotic , " said JoAnn Marquis , visiting the site with her husband from Salem , Mass .
It also said it expects a civil complaint by the Securities and Exchange Commission .
Californias rate was 6.4 percent , down from a revised 6.7 percent in August and also down from the 6.7 percent posted in September 2002 .
At the hearing yesterday , High Court Judge Frank Kapanda ordered the men immediately released on bail , evidently unaware they had already left the country .
" Our policies are well-known , and I 'm not aware of any changes in policy " on Iran , Powell said .
Boeing 's board is also expected to decide at its December meeting whether to offer the airplane for sale to airlines .
The number of probable cases dropped to 64 on Tuesday from 66 on Monday in and around Toronto , a city of four million people .
The two powerful men also disagree about ethanol ( sacred in Iowa ) and authorizing oil and gas drilling in Alaska 's wildlife refuge .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC gained 21.35 points , or 1.33 percent , to 1,624.91 .
Shares in Juniper Networks jumped more than 10 per cent on Monday after the networking equipment maker inked a sales and marketing deal with Lucent Technologies .
The state has received 19 entries in a competition for a World Trade Center Memorial and is working with families of victims to select a winner .
" He did a bad job going up there , " Mr. Villalona said .
Shares closed on NASDAQ just below their 52-week high , at $ 32.17 , up $ 1.54 .
Last year , the board raised rents by 2 percent on one-year renewals , 4 percent on two-year leases .
A month ago , the Commerce Department estimated that GDP had grown at a 7.2 percent rate in the third quarter .
Some Wall Street experts believe stocks have rallied too far , too quickly , given the muddled economic reports of recent weeks .
She appeared in federal court there Monday and was expected to be transferred to Houston in two weeks .
A monthlong grace period in New York City ended May 1 , and now bars and restaurants that allow people to puff can face hefty fines .
In Nairobi , Kenya , the Very Rev. Peter Karanja , provost of All Saints Cathedral , said the U.S. Episcopal Church " is alienating itself from the Anglican Communion . "
By 2040 , the county 's population is expected to be 985,066 , compared to the 2000 population of 860,454 .
They did so after her feeding tube was removed this afternoon , accompanied by the Rev. Thaddeus Malanowski , a Catholic priest who visits Mrs. Schiavo weekly .
In Vienna , the IAEA said ElBaradei would accept the invitation , although no date had yet been set .
Five 17-year-olds have been charged with robbery and impersonating a police officer .
Seven people were taken to hospital today after a second derailment on the London Underground in less than 48 hours .
It will cost about $ 20,000 per eight-week course of treatment , comparable to other injected cancer therapies , a spokeswoman said .
OS ANGELES , Oct. 24 Will Walt Disney Concert Hall , the new home of the Los Angeles Philharmonic , bring urban vitality to the city 's uninviting downtown area ?
" It was brazen intimidation to keep people on the reservation , " said a Republican who attended but did not want to be named .
Gordon stressed that his bill " is a lesson-learned bill and not a reflection on Admiral Gehman 's handling of the Columbia investigation . "
Burns believed that confessing a crime he did not commit was the only way out , Richardson said .
The United States wants the measure passed by June 3 , when the oil-for-food program needs to be renewed .
Advertising revenue at the FT newspaper was down 18 percent in the first half and circulation was down 5 percent .
They fear the treatment would leave 12-year-old Parker Jensen sterile and stunt his growth .
A council of up to nine Iraqis probably will lead the countrys interim government through the coming months , the U.S. civil administrator said Monday .
" I can tell you that it 's routine for IBM to challenge its internal IT teams to rigorously test new platforms and technologies inside IBM . "
Police arrested a " potential suspect " Monday in the case of a nine-year-old girl who turned up safe two days after being violently abducted from her home .
Not only is this the oldest known planet , it 's also the most distant .
For the full 12-month period ending June 30 , advanced services lines of all technology types increased by 56 percent .
" This is very serious , " said Dr. Julie Gerberding , director of the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
For the first time starting Thursday , all four pages of the Constitution will be on view instead of just the first and last pages .
The SIA says the DRAM market is expected to grow 2.9 percent to $ 15.7 billion in 2003 and 43 percent to $ 22.5 billion in 2004 .
At best , Davydenko 's supporters were naively ignorant of tennis etiquette ; at worst , they cheated - yet went without penality from umpire Lars Graf .
Fifty-seven percent were Hispanic , 10 % were Asian , 7 % were Black , 16 % were Caucasian , and 10 % were of other ethnicity .
" These are dark days for our industry , " Giovanni Bisignani , director general of the Geneva-based organization , said in a statement .
The downtime , to take place in May and June , is expected to cut production by 60 million to 70 million board feet .
They said : “ We believe that the time has come for legislation to make public places smoke-free .
Israel 's defense minister on Sunday raised the specter of an Israeli invasion in the Gaza Strip , where Palestinian militants already face a deadly air campaign .
" These are violent surgeries and I wanted to convey that , " Murphy says .
The institute estimates that last year 15.7 per cent of the average supermarket 's sales and more than half of gross margin went to pay employee costs .
" It still remains to be seen whether the revenue recovery will be short-lived or long-lived , " Mr. Sprayregen said .
A federal magistrate in Fort Lauderdale ordered him held without bail .
Chances were , he said more than a week ago , he would see people who year after year pick the same place to sit .
Mr Neil said that according to the source , the report will say its inspectors have not even unearthed " minute amounts of nuclear , chemical or biological weapons material " .
The decision means that Qarase must invite up to eight Labor Party members into cabinet .
However , Hayes , the CDC official , said there are many complicated interactions in play .
They said he organized a network of associates operating in as many as a dozen states .
Tony Blair has taken a hardline stance arguing nothing should be done to lessen the pressure on Mugabe at the gathering in the capital Abuja .
The 3 { hours of recordings include conversations between police , firefighters and other emergency workers , as well as media inquiries .
After that process is completed , it will take an additional six to eight months to refurbish the center , Day said .
Comcast Class A shares were up 8 cents at $ 30.50 in morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market .
The 2001 recession is considered short and shallow relative to the nine others since World War II , which averaged 11 months .
MAX Factor cosmetics heir and fugitive rapist Andrew Luster was captured today in Puerto Vallarta , Mexico , authorities in the United States said .
Penn Traffic filed for Chapter 11 reorganization at the end of May .
They were identified as Abdul Azi Haji Thiming and Muhammad Jalaludin Mading of Thailand , and Esam Mohammed Khidr Ali of Egypt .
A rebel who was captured said more than 2,000 insurgents were involved in the attack .
" Tony 's not feeling well , " Spurs coach Gregg Popovich said .
" His progress is steady , he 's stable , he 's comfortable , " Jack said Tuesday afternoon .
Federal agents said Friday they are investigating the theft of 1,100 pounds of an explosive chemical from construction companies in Colorado and California in the past week .
Both figures were below consensus expectations , but August sales were revised to a 1.2 percent increase from a previously reported 0.6 percent gain , fueling a dollar rally .
Still others cite the difficulty of assembling a group of subjects whose depression is of comparable severity , increasing the chances that the effectiveness of the medication will be diffused .
At first , the animals ’ performance declined compared to the sessions on the joystick .
Whether it works out , timewise , that I can march with all four ... we 'll see what happens , " he said .
WinFS will require that applications be rewritten to exploit such capabilities .
The virus kills roughly 36,000 people in an average year , according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
That story also named archbishops Harry J. Flynn , of Minneapolis-St . Paul , and Edwin F. O 'Brien , of the Military Services , as possible candidates .
Hong Kong-based Phoenix TV quoted unnamed experts as saying launch will be between Oct. 10 and 17 and will carry two men .
The judge also refused to postpone the trial date of Sept . 29 .
Rescue workers had to scrounge for boats to retrieve residents stranded by high water .
" The NAFTA ruling confirms that Canadian producers dump lumber in to the U.S. market , " Rusty Wood , chairman of the coalition , said in a release .
Shares in Safeway rose 1-1 / 4p to 290-1 / 2p while Morrison shares rose 1-3 / 4p to 222-3 / 4p in early morning trade .
Cubs manager Dusty Baker sees his slugger struggling .
Billy Hodge , 11 , is engrossed with the Harry Potter series books .
While robbery appeared to be the motive , the suspects drove off before taking anything .
United Nations inspectors have discovered traces of highly enriched uranium near an Iranian nuclear facility , heightening worries that the country may have a secret nuclear weapons program .
Overall , 83 percent of women washed up , compared with 74 percent of men .
He said : " I fear on this occasion what happened was those bits of the alphabet which supported the case were selected .
China accounted for about 14 percent of Motorola 's sales last year , and the company has large manufacturing operations there .
A pamphlet will be issued to the public through major hardware chains , local libraries and on the EPA Web site : www.epa.gov.
" But the First Amendment does not shield fraud , " Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg wrote for the court .
He found that men who had ejaculated more than five times a week in their 20s were a third less likely to develop aggressive prostate cancer later in life .
The Washington Post said Airlite would shut down its first shift and parts of the second shift Monday to accommodate the president ’ s appearance .
Sanchez de Lozada promised a referendum on a controversial gas project , a reform of a free market energy law and constitutional reforms .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index dipped 0.08 of a point to 1,646 .
Courant Staff Writers Matt Eagan and Ken Davis contributed to this story .
But U.S. troops will not shrink from mounting raids and attacking their foes when their locations can be pinpointed .
The U.S. Conference Board said its latest measure of business confidence hit 60 after falling to 53 in its first quarter survey .
There were estimated to be between 400,000 and 750,000 Iraqis employed by state-owned enterprises , but most of the businesses were non- operative , he said .
Tehran has said it will only sign the protocol if a ban on imports of peaceful Western nuclear technology is lifted .
Prosecutors said there is no question Waagner was behind the letters , which were sent at the same time of the anthrax attacks .
The decision could also prove useful in the " war on terrorism " .
Connecticut Attorney General Richard Blumenthal said he would fight any extension of the cable 's use .
Police investigating a fatal hit-and-run accident conducted a search Monday at the home of Bishop Thomas O 'Brien , head of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Phoenix .
Robin Saunders , head of the bank 's London-based principal finance unit , is also expected to quit .
Both NASA and Russian space officials said it posed no danger to the crew .
Steverson said Williams was known as a racist who did not like Blacks .
Werdegar also said Intel 's servers weren 't harmed by the computer messages and the thousands of recipients were able to request that the E-mails stop , which Hamidi honored .
Its shares fell 71 cents , or 3.5 percent , in after-hours trading to $ 19.55 .
Kelly Boggs ' column will appear daily during the June 17-18 Southern Baptist Convention annual meeting in Phoenix .
Mr. Bush said he was taking the action in response to Hamas 's claim of responsibility for the bus bombing in Israel on Tuesday that killed 20 people .
Nine traffic deaths were blamed on the storm in North Carolina , Virginia , Maryland , Pennsylvania and Washington .
But White House spokesman Ari Fleischer said yesterday : " The steps the Iranians claim to have taken in terms of capturing al-Qa 'ida are insufficient . "
On Friday , the Food and Drug Administration approved the use of silicone breast implants with conditions .
Early voting will run weekdays from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. through Sept . 9 .
The German financial regulator , BaFin , may prove critical of WestLB 's risk assessment .
Standard & Poor 's 500 stock index futures declined 4.40 points to 983.50 , while Nasdaq futures fell 6.5 points to 1,206.50 .
July 18 : Hurlbert files a single count of felony sexual assault against Bryant .
Former chief financial officer Franklyn M. Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy on June 5 and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors .
Turner , who held about 105 million shares before the sale , also transferred 10 million AOL shares to a charitable trust .
Paul Themba Nyathi , an MDC spokesman , said the Avenues Clinic was being targeted because it was treating opposition supporters .
The transaction will expand Callebaut 's sales revenues from its consumer products business to 45 percent from 23 percent .
Greenspan is head of the U.S. central bank , which sets U.S. interest rates .
Cisco has signed similar deals with AT & T Corp. T.N , SBC Communications Inc . SBC.N and Sprint Corp. FON.N .
Eyewitnesses told how Sally , 62 , originally from Coatbridge , Lanarkshire , screamed as the escalator collapsed then sucked her in .
Low-income earners would pay a 5 percent tax on both types of investment income .
The number of people in the UK infected by HIV , the virus that causes Aids , increased by almost 20 per cent last year to nearly 50,000 .
" PeopleSoft has consistently maintained that the proposed combination of PeopleSoft and Oracle faces substantial regulatory delays and a significant likelihood that the transaction would be prohibited . "
The panel said some of NASA 's cameras were obsolete and others no longer have a good view , because of civilian buildings built near them .
Houston fourth-graders also performed similarly to national peers in writing .
Michelle Wie chips Sunday during her 1-up victory over Virada Nirapathpongporn in the 27th U.S. Women 's Amateur Public Links Championship .
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rose 41.61 points , or 0.44 percent , to 9,415.82 .
The benchmark 10-year Bund yield was down 5.2 basis points at 3.60 percent .
After hours of negotiations , a SWAT team burst in early yesterday and found Hoffine dead .
Kerry last month outlined a U.N. resolution authorizing a military force under U.S. command and transferring responsibility to the United Nations for the political and humanitarian efforts .
" It 's routine for IBM to challenge its internal IT teams to rigorously test new platforms and technologies inside IBM , " she said .
The NEA report , the " Status of the American Public School Teacher , " aims to help education groups shape their agendas .
Monday , the CIA said analysts concluded that Saddam is likely the speaker on the tape .
" Removing the waiver means nothing when Oracle still has pending litigation in Delaware that opposes the PeopleSoft / J.D. Edwards transaction , " PeopleSoft responded .
" If these loss reductions continue as expected , further rate reductions should be ordered . "
In recent years , he served on the faculty of the Manhattan School of Music .
" This is a cloud hanging over their credibility , their word , " said Hagel .
Friends of Animals president Priscilla Feral said she would spend the weekend considering the possibility of further legal action .
If the deal is approved , EMC will operate Legato as a software division of EMC headquartered in Mountain View , Calif .
He also worked in the Virginia attorney general 's office .
" We have found the smoking gun , " board member Scott Hubbard said .
The Chelsea defender Marcel Desailly has been the latest to speak out .
Shares of National were losing 95 cents , or 3.9 % , to $ 23.73 in afternoon New York Stock Exchange trading .
Investors were askingwhether other banks , some of which are still being audited , could be dealt with in the same way .
Adults , who were shy as toddlers , had stronger brain activity in a part of the brain associated with coyness .
A female attendant , 25 , was slashed across the face as the attacker closed on the cockpit .
British ministers have been asked to explain why they gave undue prominence to the claim that Saddam Hussein could deploy chemical or biological weapons " within 45 minutes " .
Beckham will receive a yearly salary of $ 10 million plus bonuses , earning him about $ 220,000 a game .
Grant also has been elected to Monsanto 's board of directors , the company said in a statement .
Around 0335 GMT , Tab shares were up 19 cents , or 4.4 % , at A $ 4.56 , having earlier set a record high of A $ 4.57 .
" The releases are the latest in a series of efforts by the government to move Myanmar to multi-party democracy and national conciliation . "
" Now , the other guy , he 's ashamed of his party , " Street said to crowd laughter .
Vanderpool said the gunmen were retaliating because the other group had taken the smugglers ' human cargo earlier .
Like-for-like sales for the 17 weeks to 27 December were flat , while the gross margin fell by 2 percentage points , the company said .
The US responded coolly to the EU deadline , warning that trade sanctions would backfire by hurting European consumers .
Without the fleet , NASA has relied on the Russian space program to rotate crew members for the International Space Station and to send supplies to the orbiting laboratory .
Cruz came to the United States in 1960 , a year after the Cuban revolution .
Thirty-eight percent of patients surveyed in five urban clinics believed the myth that cancer spreads when exposed to air during surgery , according to a poll to be published Tuesday .
" We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States , " Muqtada al Sadr said in a sermon at a mosque .
BOB HOPE , master of the one-liner and Americas favourite comedian , died with a smile on his face yesterday just months after celebrating his 100th birthday .
They found no blood and no bones , he said .
Late last year , for example , more than 1800 US soldiers were placed in Djibouti to conduct counter-terrorism operations in the Horn of Africa .
He is expected to ask banks for around € 50m this week to keep the company afloat .
Frank Quattrone , the former Credit Suisse First Boston technology investment-banking guru , reportedly pleaded not guilty Tuesday to charges of obstruction of justice and witness tampering .
Frank Partnoy , a securities law professor at the University of San Diego , said the case suggested that Merrill 's oversight and control of its executives were inadequate .
Researchers at Sweden 's Karolinska Institute reanalyzed data from more than 2,000 infants who had been treated with radiation for a benign birthmark condition between 1930 and 1959 .
The previous weekend record for an R-rated film was $ 58 million for " Hannibal . "
Broomhead , 34 , was assigned to the 2nd Squadron , 3rd Armored Cavalry Regiment .
In 1999 , Mauritania became only the third Arab League state to establish full diplomatic relations with the Jewish state .
They say inspectors must certify that Iraq is free of weapons of mass destruction before sanctions can be lifted .
He projected Vanderpool will be available within the next five years .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index < .SPX > gained 3 points , or 0.39 percent , at 924 .
Doctors have advised that the boy get chemotherapy , but Daren and Barbara Jensen have refused , fearing the treatment would stunt Parker 's growth and leave him sterile .
The tone was set by President Hu , the 60-year-old who became the Communist Partys general secretary in November last year and then the countrys president in March this year .
Only two other countries , Germany and the Dominican Republic , have publicly expressed reservations , and Germany has since said it will sign it .
A postal distribution center where four anthrax-laced letters passed through two years ago was fumigated with chlorine dioxide gas as crews wound up the decontamination process this weekend .
Muslim immigrants have used the networks - which rely on wire transfers , couriers and overnight mail - to send cash to their families overseas .
Webster Police Chief Gerald Pickering said the victims appeared to be customers of the bank .
He said that in early December , immigration inspectors at Hartsfield will be able to match the fingerprints to the federal government 's computerized " watch lists . "
For the first quarter , HP pulled in $ 2.94 billion and captured 27.9 percent of the market .
HCA Inc . , the largest U.S. hospital chain , dropped $ 2.21 , or 5.8 percent , to $ 36.14 .
The department also sent water and soil samples to the state health laboratory .
After hours of debate , the Senate passed the reform package 32-4 .
For example , Anhalt said , children typically treat a 20-ounce soda bottle as one serving , although it actually contains 2 ½ 8-ounce servings .
" We do not use service members as guinea pigs , " William Winkenwerder , assistant secretary of defense for health affairs , told a Pentagon briefing .
Normally , congressional districts are redrawn by state legislatures every 10 years to reflect population changes recorded in the U.S. census .
The company is in the early stages of testing the drug for rheumatoid arthritis .
Police said they believe Cruz knew of the girl through one of her former schoolmates - though neither the girl nor her family knew him .
But Cruz resembled a police sketch of the suspect and had injuries consistent with what police expected from the struggle he had with the girl 's mother , Lansdowne said .
Belgium said Saturday it has decided to scrap a controversial war crimes law which has seen cases launched against President Bush and Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon .
Executive recruiters say that finding a seasoned chief merchandising officer will perhaps be the trickiest of all hires because there is such a dearth of good ones .
" I don 't want to be the candidate for guys with Confederate flags in their pickup trucks , " said Missouri Congressman Dick Gephardt .
Appellate courts across the country have issued differing rulings on the issue , allowing public displays of the Ten Commandments in some cases and banning them in others .
But he is the only candidate who has won national labor endorsements so far , picking up his 11th union on Tuesday when the United Steelworkers of America endorsed him .
Instead , Weida decided that Meester 's case on charges of rape , sodomy , indecent assault and providing alcohol to minors should proceed to a court-martial .
Among three major candidates , Schwarzenegger is wining the battle for independents and crossover voters .
Dotson , 21 , admitted to FBI agents that he shot Dennehy in the head " because Patrick had tried to shoot him , " according to an arrest warrant released yesterday .
Holders of paper bonds will be able , though not required , to convert to electronic accounts .
Humphries , and his father William , were on the IU campus Wednesday afternoon and Thursday morning .
Those systems typically combine institutional and community-based care and are financed by a combination of state , federal , and private dollars .
But as more people were shot , Moose had to admit that he couldn 't give the public the safety it needed .
The yield fell 2 basis points to 1.41 percent , after reaching 1.4 percent on May 8 , the lowest since March 12 .
The format must be an open standard that has been formally ratified by an internationally recognized standards organization , and IP must be licensed under reasonable , non-discriminatory terms .
" With the target funds rate at 1 percent , substantial further conventional easings could be implemented if the FOMC judged such policy actions warranted , " he said .
He urged patience from Americans eager for the service , which is intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketing calls .
Washington , however , said more was needed to prevent complaints being filed in the first place .
That exploit works on unpatched Windows 2000 machines with Service Pack 3 and 4 .
SARS has also taken a toll on Taiwan 's economy , as it has on economies across the region , hammering consumer spending and leaving shops , restaurants and airports empty .
Gov. Don Carcieri said the ruling shows that state taxation laws apply on the tribe 's sales activities .
The speaker issued a one-paragraph statement , saying , " I am advised that certain allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my counsel , J. Michael Boxley .
A really robust program could be had for about 20 cents a day , " Griffin said .
Axcan 's shares closed down 63 Canadian cents , or 4 percent , at C $ 16.93 in Toronto on Tuesday .
The suspects are expected to turn themselves in to Pennsylvania authorities within the next few days .
The council comprises 13 Shi 'ites , five Sunni Arabs , five Kurds , an Assyrian Christian and a Turkmen .
McNair was stopped after a police officer saw his vehicle weaving on a downtown street before pulling into a convenience store , the arrest report said .
U.S. stocks fell , led by computer-related shares , after network-equipment maker Cisco Systems Inc. said sales will be unchanged this quarter .
Just across a river , St. Joseph has trendy restaurants , boutiques , offices and a picturesque beachfront .
" We 're making these commitments first and foremost because we think it 's the right thing to do , " said Michael Mudd , spokesman for the Northfield-based company .
He adds : " She started beating me with her hands about the head until I ran into the other room . "
Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling CDMA chips against little or no competition .
Justices Stephen Breyer , Sandra Day O 'Connor and Anthony Kennedy disagreed .
Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg said yesterday that the men 's behavior " was a disgrace , and totally inappropriate for city employees . "
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index < .IXIC > tacked on 5.91 points , or 0.29 percent , to 2,053.27 .
Revenue in the most-recent quarter rose 5.4 percent to $ 45.9 billion .
The battles marked day four of a U.S. sweep to hunt down supporters of Saddam Hussein 's fallen regime .
The dollar rose 0.6 percent to 109.54 yen < JPY = > and climbed more than 1 percent to 1.3315 Swiss francs < CHF = > .
The hearing came one day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer , Dallager , for failing to address the scandal .
About two decades ago , U.S. District Court Judge Walter Rice and others decided to protect and polish what remained .
Through Thursday , Oracle said 34.75 million PeopleSoft shares had been tendered .
After the further analysis of the subset data , the companies plan to discuss the results with regulators and then determine how to proceed .
It also hired Citigroup and Morgan Stanley to explore refinancing or restructuring of $ 175 million in senior notes due next year .
The remains of three illegal immigrants were found Tuesday in a sweltering railroad car after fellow immigrants escaped and left behind their weakened companions .
By contrast , the Senate-passed prescription drug plan requires seniors to pay 50 percent of drug costs , with a $ 275 deductible each year .
Minister Saud al-Faisal 's visit was disclosed Monday by two administration officials who discussed it on condition of not being identified by name .
The Republic of Korea was found to lead the way in broadband penetration , with approximately 21 broadband subscribers for every 100 inhabitants .
There was no immediate response from North Korea or the United States .
We think they have the right to choose .
The acquisition is expected to close by the end of the month .
Rashidi Ahmad , 33 , was found dead in his pickup truck after it crashed into a building at Lincolnshire and Williamsborough drives , near Franklin Boulevard .
Lawtey is not the first faith-based program in Florida 's prison system .
Microsoft acquired Virtual PC when it bought the assets of Connectix earlier this year .
" It 's probably not the easiest time to come in and take over the shuttle program , but I look forward to the challenge , " Parsons told reporters at NASA headquarters .
The federal government intends to introduce legislation later this year that will ban unsolicited commercial e-mail , the Minister for Communications and Information Technology , Senator Richard Alston announced today .
Sterling was down 0.8 percent against the dollar at $ 1.5875 GBP = .
Fanned by the hot , dry Santa Ana winds and minimal humidity , major fires were raging in at least 10 places , having already burned nearly 80 937 hectares .
" It seems to be following the sun , " said Graham Cluley , senior technology consultant at antivirus vendor Sophos .
Peter Lyman and Hal Varian of Berkeley 's School of Information Management and Systems say that information production has increased by 30 percent each year between 1999 and 2002 .
Residents forced out of their homes on Sunday returned Monday , many to floods in their basements or lower floors .
Mr. Manuel and his group entered the United States by walking across the bridge linking Matamoros and Brownsville .
Her 92-year-old husband is now severely debilitated by Alzheimer 's disease .
The Cavaliers won the right Thursday to select James in the June 26 draft .
It was the 23-9 Yankees ' third straight defeat - their longest skid of the season .
Once identified , remains of terrorists are immediately removed from the so-called memorial park , a temporary refrigerated storage facility on Manhattan .
They worry the treatment could leave their son sterile , blind or even dead .
The House version pays 80 percent of a senior 's first $ 2,000 in drug costs after a $ 250 deductible .
He has also directed " The Flintstones , " " Beethoven , " and " Jingle All The Way . "
Two of his cousins members of the Jordanian royal family have been mentioned as possible contenders to the throne .
And the First Amendment doesn 't say that the free exercise of religion is allowed — except in government buildings .
The current plan is to release the videotapes of the sessions , after U.S. review , on Friday , said Jim Landale , a spokesman for the tribunal .
" What this allows us to do is have a crossover that is much more fuel efficient and aimed at young families . "
Prosecutors said the investment was a breach of duty and resulted in the pension fund immediately losing $ 1 million .
Whoever is selected will report directly to Robert Liscouski , the assistant secretary of homeland security for infrastructure protection .
Mr. Kozlowski contends that the event included business and that some of those attending were Tyco employees .
IG Farben 's 500 properties were valued at around 38-million euros ( about R300-million ) and the firm had debts totalling about 28-million .
Germans account for more than 40 percent of foreign visitors coming to Italy .
Most of the alleged spammers engaged in fraudulent or deceptive practices , said Brad Smith , Microsoft 's senior VP and general counsel .
Two of the six people who testified before Congress Wednesday were engaged in a bitter dispute about airing Yankees games .
" Such communication will help adult smokers make more informed choices , " company vice president Richard Verheij told a House Energy and Commerce subcommittee at a separate hearing .
In fact , 10 million shares of the sale went to an unidentified charitable trust - which promptly sold them .
Columbia was destroyed during re-entry Feb. 1 , killing its seven astronauts .
Officials at Microsoft and Lindon , Utah-based SCO couldn 't be immediately reached for comment .
" I just got carried away and started making stuff , " Byrne said .
Dotson was taken to Chester River Hospital Center where he stayed overnight .
Congress twice passed partial birth bans , but former President Bill Clinton ( news - web sites ) , citing the need for a health exception , vetoed both measures .
Tonight a spokesman for Russia 's foreign ministry said the ministry may issue a statement on Thursday clarifying Russia 's position on cooperation with Iran 's nuclear-energy efforts .
The benchmark 10-year note US10YT = RR rose 11 / 32 for a yield of 3.25 percent .
" No one has anything to fear from being correctly identified but everything to fear from their identity being stolen or misused , " Mr Blunkett said .
A grassy field and asphalt island , topped with an ATM , sit where Orville Wright once developed a split airplane wing , tinkered with cars and even built toys .
Charles Howell III picked up some local knowledge a year ago that provided much-needed insight in the opening round of the Memorial Tournament in Dublin , Ohio .
The songs are on offer for 99 cents each , or $ 9.99 for an album .
Federal Judge William Barbour said Tuesday he imposed the maximum sentence because Avants showed no remorse in the brutal slaying .
The discovery was published yesterday in the New England Journal of Medicine .
" It 's going to happen , " said Jim Santangelo , president of the Teamsters Joint Council 42 in El Monte .
Vaccine makers have been thrust into the limelight as government programs to encourage wider vaccination and fears of biological attacks on civilian and military targets .
R & D spending is expected to be $ 4.4 billion for the year , as compared to the previous expectation of $ 4.3 billion .
She said six were from Douglas County , the southwestern Oregon county that includes Roseburg , and two were from the Portland area .
BA shares were up 0.59 percent at 170 pence in early afternoon trading , slightly outpacing London 's FTSE 100 Index which was up 0.28 percent .
He said sales of grocery and other consumer packaged products are the strongest , but discretionary items are still weak .
WorldCom , brought down by an $ 11 billion accounting scandal , is adopting the name of its MCI long-distance division in a bid to clean up its image .
He will be paid $ 395,000 per year , up from Atkinson 's current salary of $ 361,400 .
Schneiderman said this fare price would reflect the agency 's legitimate financial condition as well as riders ' concerns about having to pay 33 percent more to ride in a recession .
It is important for a process to be put into place , he said , that would permit a smooth transition from war to peace .
The two men were allegedly trying to engage Russian exiles in Britain in the assassination plot .
The review outlines the tariffs ' impact on domestic steel industry and steel consumers halfway through the three-year program .
Significantly , it made no mention of the role of terrorist organisation Jemah Islamiyah , accused of being behind the attacks .
Of 456 women who had experienced stress , 24 ( 5.3 % ) had developed breast cancer .
The Borgata Hotel Casino & Spa opened its doors a day early .
BellSouth also added 654,000 net long-distance customers in the third quarter .
The results appear in the January issue of Cancer , the American Cancer Society journal , being published online today .
If achieved it would represent an increase of 10 per cent from the same quarter a year ago .
When a mechanic found 33 pounds of marijuana in a secret compartment , Rodriguez agreed they should notify police , who then arrested him .
The new WPAN standard uses the 2.4-GHz unlicensed frequency band and specifies raw data rates of 11M , 22M , 33M , 44M and 55Mbit / sec .
" I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life , " Mr. Limbaugh told his audience , which numbers 22 million listeners a week .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX ended up 1.03 points , or 0.10 percent , at 998.51 , ending at its highest since late June 2002 .
In Washington , the federal government remained closed for a second day .
It takes 100 of the 150 House members to conduct business .
The program , which downloads the pornographic material to the usurped computer only briefly to allow visitors to view it , is invisible to the computer 's owner .
Shares of GE were slipping 17 cents , or 0.6 % , to $ 28.02 in Instinet premarket trading .
Peterson is charged with two counts of murder in the deaths of his wife and unborn son .
A 64 year-old paedophile described by police as the " most prolific Internet groomer ever caught " has been jailed for five years .
More than 130 people and $ 17 million have been seized nationwide in operations by the FBI and other agencies to stop cybercrime .
Shaklee spokeswoman Jenifer Thompson said the company is continuing to work with authorities .
The 30-year bond US30YT = RR grew 1-3 / 32 for a yield of 4.30 percent , down from 4.35 percent late Wednesday .
WHO spokeswoman Maria Cheng agreed , saying : " It looks very much like an isolated event . "
Both have aired videotapes of ex-president Saddam Hussein encouraging Iraqis to fight the U.S. occupation of Iraq .
Since last April , scientists have learned how acrylamide is formed .
Several cities are competing for the headquarters , including Miami ; Panama City ; Atlanta ; Port-of-Spain , Trinidad ; and Puebla , Mexico .
In a televised interview on Wednesday , ECB President Wim Duisenberg said it was too soon to discuss further interest rate cuts in the 12-nation euro zone .
Det Chief Insp Norman McKinlay said there was " evidence a body or bodies have been in this area " .
The crime report surveyed 11,600 police and law enforcement agencies nationwide .
The veteran Malyasian diplomat met Suu Kyi Wednesday at the lakeside home in Yangon where she is under house arrest .
Yucaipa owned Dominick 's before selling the chain to Safeway in 1998 for $ 2.5 billion .
Dr Blix said : " I don 't know exactly how they calculated this figure .
Ursel Reisen confirmed it operated the coach , but gave no details other than to say the passengers were of mixed ages .
J.D. Edwards shareholders will receive 0.86 of a share of PeopleSoft for each share of J.D. Edwards .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index rose 4.64 points , or 0.27 percent , to 1,735.34 , according to the latest available data .
Platinum prices soared to 23-year highs earlier this year after President Bush ( news - web sites ) proposed investing $ 1.2 billion for research on fuel cell-powered vehicles .
Germany , another opponent of the war currently on the U.N. Security Council , has moved closer to the United States , and did not insist on a timetable Monday .
" This is extraordinarily fast , " said Matt Geller , an analyst at CIBC World Markets .
Of the 23.5 million high-speed lines , 16.3 million provided advanced services , which the FCC defines as speeds exceeding 200 kbps in both directions .
" The president 's campaign in 2000 set a standard for disclosure in political fund raising , and the campaign will again in 2004 , " Bush campaign spokesman Dan Ronayne said .
IAC 's stock closed yesterday down $ 2.81 , or 7.6 percent , at $ 34.19 .
Southwest , the largest U.S. discount airline , said Friday that inspections of its fleet of 385 planes had found no additional items .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX dropped 9.90 points , or 0.99 percent , to 988.61 .
It held elections in 1990 , but refused to recognize the results after Suu Kyi 's party won .
Months later , another clinic doctor , Dr. Wayne Patterson , was killed away from the clinic .
By late Thursday afternoon , Putnam said the U.S. Attorney in the Southern District of New York had subpoenaed its trading documents , raising the possibility of a criminal indictment .
Meester , a 20-year-old sophomore , could face life in prison if convicted on charges of rape , forcible sodomy , indecent assault and providing alcohol to minors .
A second Indonesian , Imam Samudra , the so-called " field commander " of the bombings , was sentenced to death last month .
" Frank Quattrone is innocent , " Keker said in a statement .
According to the 2000 Census , Long Beach 's Hispanic or Latino population was listed at 35.8 percent .
The Prime Ministers of China , Russia and four central Asian nations have met in Beijing and approved a budget for their regional security grouping .
An airplane carrying Spanish peacekeepers back from Afghanistan crashed into a fog-shrouded mountain in Turkey and exploded Monday , killing all 75 people aboard .
Subway and bus fares rose 33 percent , from $ 1.50 to $ 2 , on May 4 , while tickets on suburban trains rose an average 25 percent May 1 .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC inched down 1 point , or 0.11 percent , to 1,650 .
The anguish was detectable in the voices of those of Forlong 's television colleagues who would speak on Monday .
Chapman was not immediately arrested and is expected to appear for arraignment July 3 .
Under the proposal , Slocan shareholders will get 1.3147 Canfor shares for each common share .
The Interior Minister , Al Mustapha Sahel , said the investigation " points to a group that has been arrested recently " , an apparent reference to Djihad Salafist .
The women then had follow-up examinations after five , 12 and 24 years .
Regional utility Tohoku Electric Power Co Inc said an 825,000-kilowatt ( kW ) nuclear reactor , the Onagawa No.3 unit near Sendai automatically shut down due to the quake .
Duque will return to Earth Oct. 27 with the station 's current crew , U.S. astronaut Ed Lu and Russian cosmonaut Yuri Malenchenko .
Initial reports indicated the shots had been fired from inside a mosque .
Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld is awaiting recommendations from his commanders .
Mr Blair admitted in a newspaper article Mr Bush ’ s critics were “ rubbing their hands at the scope for embarrassing him ” .
After their arrests , the men told investigators they paid to be smuggled into the United States from Canada last month .
The arrests revealed new details about the four-month investigation at Selenski 's Mount Olivet Road home .
She said Nelson heard someone shout , " Let 's get the Jew ! "
After Mao 's death in 1976 , Madame Mao was sentenced to life imprisonment for her role in the oppressive Cultural Revolution .
Each count has a maximum penalty of 10 years in prison and $ 1 million fine .
Quattrone 's action , prosecutors argue , amounted to criminal obstruction of justice .
Freddie Mac shares fell $ 1.49 , to $ 50.01 , on the New York Stock Exchange after official acknowledgment of the criminal investigation .
The Production Index rose by 1.4 percentage points from 51.5 percent in May to 52.9 percent in June .
SARS has killed 296 people on China 's mainland and infected more than 5,200 .
The second company , temporarily dubbed ``InternationalCo . ' ' , includes 19 international power and pipeline holdings .
AN inquest into the car crash that killed Princess Diana will be held January 6 , the royal family 's coroner announced overnight .
He had performed outside Cuba on several occasions , including shows in the US last year and in Brazil , South Africa and several European countries .
The CFTC has been investigating several energy companies , including at least three Colorado companies , for manipulating energy markets by reporting false natural-gas trading prices to industry publications .
State Rep. Ron Wilson , D-Houston , joined committee Republicans in voting for the map .
AMD 's chip sales jumped 7 percent year-on-year to $ 402 million .
The agreement between architect Daniel Libeskind and representatives of developer Larry Silverstein gives architect David Childs the lead role in developing the " Freedom Tower . "
Marisa Baldeo stated , however , the authority 's official uniform policy says " they are not supposed to wear anything on their heads but a NYC transit depot logo cap .
" By its actions , the Bush administration threatens to give a bad name to a just war , " the Connecticut Democrat told a Capitol Hill news conference .
Those findings , published in today 's Journal of the American Medical Association , are the latest bad news about estrogen-progestin therapy .
In Washington on Sunday , FBI spokesman John Iannarelli said the bureau will join the investigation in An-Najaf .
Mr Koizumi rebuked Mr Konoike , saying his remarks were " inappropriate " .
" This man gambled with our lives and we , the passengers , lost , " said Andres Rivera Jr . , who was also on the bus .
Goldman is trying to sell the shares to institutional investors at $ US13.15 each , said the traders , who received calls from the securities firm 's sales force .
Kempenaers said some species are still faithful , notably swans and sea birds such as the albatross , which mate for life and are never unfaithful to their partners .
Two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports were among the suspects , the official said .
It ended a diplomatic drought between the two nations , at odds for months over North Korea 's nuclear program and American demands that it cease .
Around 9 : 00 a.m. EDT ( 1300 GMT ) , the euro was at $ 1.1566 against the dollar , up 0.07 percent on the day .
All along , we were basing our decisions on the best information that we had at the time , " she said .
The 20 master computers are located in the United States , Canada and Korea , Mr. Kuo said .
It was the biggest protest since hundreds of thousands marched in outrage over the massacre of democracy activists occupying Tiananmen Square in Beijing in 1989 .
The FTC has asked the court to suspend its decision while the agency appeals .
But the subject of oil market debate , Iraq , will not be present , an issue which has rankled Iraqi officials .
UBS Warburg downgraded Altria , a Dow member , to " neutral " from " buy , " based on valuation .
A U.S. Court of Appeals Thursday ruled that Microsoft ( Quote , Company Info ) does not have to carry the Java programming language in its Windows operating system .
Recall advocates say they have turned in 1.6 million signatures to counties .
That truck was spotted in the Campbells Creek area , fitting that description , Morris said .
Tuition at four-year private colleges averaged $ 19,710 this year , up 6 percent from 2002 .
The memorandum analyzed lawful activities , such as recruiting demonstrators , and illegal activities , such as using fake documentation to get into a secured site .
The presiding bishop of the Episcopal Church , Frank T. Griswold III , declined , through a spokesman , to comment on the development Saturday .
Referring to a battle against a Muslim warlord in Somalia , Boykin told another audience , " I knew my God was bigger than his .
Taylor 's aides warn an abrupt departure could trigger more chaos , a view shared by many in Liberia and , in private , even by mediators .
Mr Adams , managing director , will become chief executive on January 1 .
Malaysia has launched an aggressive media campaign over its water dispute with Singapore .
" We had nothing to do with @ Stake 's internal personnel decision , " Microsoft spokesman Sean Sundwell said .
Tech stocks were hurt by a sour forecast from Sun Microsystems , which was viewed as a bad omen for the upcoming quarterly earnings season .
It said the operation , which began on Monday , was part of " the continued effort to eradicate Baath Party loyalists , paramilitary groups and other subversive elements . "
" His comments were extremely inappropriate and the decision was an easy one , " MSNBC spokesman Jeremy Gaines said .
Negotiators talked with the boy for about an hour and a half , Bragdon said .
The highly integrated amplifiers for driving microphone and speakers , the part requires only minimal external components .
The findings appear in next Friday 's Physical Review Letters .
The Institute for Supply Management 's index of nonmanufacturing activity rose unexpectedly in April , reports said .
A spokesman said : " Further testing is under way but at this stage , given the early detection , the outlook is positive . "
However , commercial use of the 2.6.0 kernel is still months off for most customers .
I 've still got a fighting chance , though , " Hewitt said after battling to overcome Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 ( 7-5 ) on centre court .
A BMI of 25 or above is considered overweight ; 30 or above is considered obese .
Those who only had surgery lived an average of 46 months .
The greenback scored beefy gains against the euro , yen and Swiss franc despite weaker-than-expected September U.S. retail sales figures .
The Thomson First Call consensus was for earnings of 19 cents a share .
But he said he had Dr Hollingworth 's legal advice that he had been denied natural justice by the church inquiry .
The Legislature on Wednesday sent Gov. Jeb Bush a bill it hopes will lower malpractice insurance rates and keep doctors from limiting their practices or moving out of state .
Assani said Tuesday he did not know what to charge the men with because US officials refused to share information with him .
The US chip market is expected to decline 2.1 percent this year , then grow 15.7 percent in 2004 .
A statement released by DEI said Green would begin driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the Winston Open at Lowe 's Motor Speedway .
On Saturday , the International Committee of the Red Cross said it was temporarily closing its offices in Baghdad and Basra .
But Islamic Jihad 's main leadership in the Gaza Strip disowned the bombing , saying the group was still committed to the ceasefire .
Shares of Berkeley , California-based Xoma dropped $ 1.49 or 27 percent , to $ 4 in Instinet trading .
WorldCom 's financial troubles came to light last year and the company subsequently filed for bankruptcy in July , 2002 .
In 2001 , 8.4 per cent of six-year-olds and 15 per cent of 15-year-olds were obese .
It would now take place some time before August 8 in Auckland .
Mr Levine confirmed that Ms Cohen Alon had tried to sell the story during the World Cup .
Other changes in the plan refine his original vision , Libeskind said .
Branch was later fired by the company and eventually filed a wrongful-termination suit that included details about the documents , the Journal story said .
US District Judge William M. Hoeveler 's removal by his superior was a victory for US Sugar Corp. , which led the fight for his ouster .
Her putt for birdie was three feet short but she saved par without difficulty .
PG & E Corp. shares were up 39 cents or 2.6 percent at $ 15.59 on the New York Stock Exchange on Tuesday .
I think there 's a little hope invested in McNabb and he got a lot of credit for the performance of his team that he really didn 't deserve .
Mr. Carter , who won the Nobel Peace Prize last year , met here today with Japan 's prime minister , Junichiro Koizumi .
This is the first time in the United States that five whales have been released simultaneously from a single stranding incident .
Five pools contained no traces of disinfectant at all .
Wall Street is looking for a profit of 30 cents a share in the third quarter and $ 1.31 for the fiscal year .
The city index outperformed the Dow Jones industrial average , which fell 0.9 percent for the week .
" The difference is just something called the tuner , which is a very small piece of equipment . "
Shares of Hartford rose $ 2.88 to $ 46.50 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading .
Also missing is Al Larsen , 31 , of Fort Worth , Texas , who was in another vehicle swept off the turnpike .
Abbas told the summit he would end the " armed intefadeh , " renounced " terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be " and alluded to the disarming of militants .
The word Advent , from Latin , means " the coming . "
The suite comes complete with a word processor , spreadsheet , presentation software and other components , while continuing its tradition of utilizing an XML-based file format .
Professor Hermon-Taylor adds , An unexpected finding of the research showed that patients suffering with Irritable Bowel Syndrome ( IBS ) were also infected with the MAP bug .
And if estimates hold , it will mark the first time in history that five films grossed more than $ 20 million each in one weekend .
With the power back on , state workers headed back to their jobs Friday morning .
The U.N. nuclear watchdog reprimanded Iran on Thursday for failing to comply with its nuclear safeguards obligations and called on Tehran to unconditionally accept stricter inspections by the agency .
But labor leaders said it was often difficult for these Americans to join a union because many employers fought organizing efforts .
ConAgra stock closed Monday on the New York Stock Exchange at $ 21.63 a share , down 11 cents .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 39.39 points , or 2.2 percent , to 1,826.33 , after losing more than 2 percent on Tuesday .
The blaze was only 5 percent contained early Monday .
In court papers filed Tuesday , Lee asked for an injunction against Viacom 's use of the name , saying he had never given his consent for it to be used .
The plea makes Grass the second high-ranking Rite Aid executive to strike a deal with federal prosecutors in the past two weeks .
On the Mediterranean coast of neighboring Turkey , Iraqi , U.S. and Turkish officials gathered in the port of Ceyhan for a ceremony launching the shipment .
The department 's position threatens to alienate social conservatives , who have provided strong political support for Mr. Ashcroft and President Bush .
Tom Kasmer , a 14-year-old from Belmont , N.C. , got a word that sounded like " zistee " during yesterday 's competition .
But in Palestine , her rural neighbourhood 225 miles west of Washington , residents had nothing but praise for Pte Lynch .
An international warrant for his arrest was issued both to the Ghanaian authorities and to Interpol .
Symbol 's former chief accounting officer , Robert Korkuc , is expected to plead guilty in a federal court in Long Island later Thursday , according to reports .
Iraqi police opened fire in downtown Baghdad today after demonstrators stormed a police station demanding they be given jobs they claimed to have paid bribes for .
U.S. President George W. Bush said " the nation lost a great citizen " with Hope 's death .
It was developed with consultation from more than 300 leaders in academia , industry , government and the public .
World Airways Inc. and North American Airlines Inc. also have filed applications seeking authority to provide service to Iraq .
Bremer said one initiative is to launch a US $ 70 million nationwide program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects .
It even struck a deal for distribution and advertising with popular P2P service Grokster .
" For me , the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents , " according to extracts released yesterday .
Justice John Paul Stevens compared the interrogation of Martinez to " an attempt to obtain an involuntary confession from a prisoner by torturous methods . "
The government said FirstEnergy Nuclear determined that a contractor had established an unprotected high-speed computer connection to its corporate network that allowed the " Slammer " infection to spread internally .
Tampering with medicine has been so lucrative that many of those arrested lived in million-dollar homes .
Mr Annan said terrorism " will only be defeated if we act to solve the political disputes and long-standing conflicts which generate support for it " .
Graham said the surgery was not exactly the way to begin a campaign , but he is recovered .
Health Minister Peter Coleman said about 300 people had been killed and 1,000 wounded in the past few days .
But Odette is the first to form over the Caribbean Sea in December , the Center said .
Matthew Lovett , 18 , who just graduated from Collingswood High School , was among those arrested .
" I think you 'll see a lot of job growth in the next two years , " he said , adding the growth could replace jobs lost .
" We are confident that this issue will be behind us by mid-year , " said Nestle spokesman Francois Perroud , who declined to comment further .
However , scientists led by physicist Frank McDonald of the University of Maryland disagree .
Instead of being reprimanded by court security officers , a smiling senior policeman shook hands with Mr Laczynski and patted him on the shoulder .
He could get six to seven years in prison , plus fines .
Doctors say one or both boys may die , and that some brain damage is possible if they survive .
Furthermore , chest tightness after exercise and prevalence of asthma were both linked to the amount of time spent at the pool .
The Senate majority leader , Bill Frist , Republican of Tennessee , said he hoped Congress would finish work on the legislation by the end of September .
Republican officials said the advertising buy was proof that Democrats are panicking that they were losing their stature on Medicare .
He said Qantas would also cut capital spending by retiring some aircraft and deferring delivery of some new planes .
Nonetheless , the open-source guru insisted , " This attack was wrong , and it was dangerous to our goals . "
Microsoft presented several options at the meeting , the consortium said in the statement .
She has also signed a contract with Random House to write two books .
" And they will learn the meaning of American justice , " he said to strong and extended applause .
" In relation to the second paper , one part of that should have been sourced to a reference work .
Water management officials in Florida were worried about some of the already-swollen rivers and lakes , because a direct hit from a hurricane could cause severe flooding .
All three had criminal records for stealing cattle , the statement said .
OpForce 3.0 supports Solaris , IBM AIX , Red Hat Linux and Windows .
" I reliably receive reminders when my dog needs a vaccination , " writes Steinberg , of Johns Hopkins University .
While it was being called mandatory , Dupont said authorities were not forcing people from their homes .
Yale spokesman Tom Conroy said the university was prepared to keep the campus running with temporary workers and managers doing extra work .
Officials said one provision in the Senate-passed measure accounted for $ 40 billion over 10 years in the CBO calculation .
He said the situation undermines efforts to win international co-operation in the war on terror .
Excluding the impact of accounting changes , Ford would have earned 13 cents a share .
Martin , 58 , will be freed today after serving two thirds of his five-year sentence for the manslaughter of 16-year-old Fred Barras .
Shares of Coke closed New York Stock Exchange trading Thursday at $ 44.01 .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index ended up 1.03 points , or 0.10 percent , at 998.51 , ending at its highest since late June 2002 .
A spokeswoman for Interscope Geffen A & M declined to confirm how many employees were affected .
The victim , who was also not identified , was taken to Kings County Hospital in " extremely critical " condition , Czartoryski said .
A prosecutor said investigators were searching his home in Muenster in the presence of his wife when news of his death arrived .
Opposition to the bill has come from environmentalists , the Miccosukee Tribe , some scientists and members of Congress .
It features a 4K color screen and 40-tone polyphonic sound with exchangeable Style-Up front panels .
Also Tuesday , a soldier drowned in an aqueduct in northern Iraq .
The dollar was also helped by concerns about possible yen- selling intervention by Japanese authorities .
It forecast 445 billion yen in loan-loss charges for the year ending next March .
But while the prime minister 's trial judders to a halt , his co-defendants in the same case are not protected .
But price declines have remained below 30 percent , year over year , for the last two quarters , said IDC analyst John McArthur .
Electronic Data Systems Corp. Thursday said the Securities and Exchange Commission has asked the company for documents related to its large contract with the U.S. Navy .
Page said it 's also possible that genes on the Y chromosome may influence gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility .
In the present case , Mr. Day said he hoped there would be another mediated out-of-court settlement , and he estimated that it could approach $ 30 million .
Downstream at Mount Vernon , the Skagit River was expected to crest at 36 feet -- 8 feet above flood stage -- tonight , Burke said .
Also demonstrating box-office strength _ and getting seven Tony nominations _ was a potent revival of Eugene O 'Neill 's family drama , " Long Day 's Journey Into Night . "
U.S. Attorney Patrick Fitzgerald said the wholesalers were not to blame and were " victims in this . "
But the country is scrambling to prevent it spreading to the vast countryside where most of its 1.3 billion people live .
Their election increases the board from seven people to nine .
Mr. Yandarbiyev resides in Doha , Qatar , and Russian authorities have unsuccessfully tried to have him extradited for nearly two years .
" This is not a scaled-down version of the Oracle Enterprise Edition or Standard Edition [ database ] .
SARS or severe acute respiratory syndrome emerged in November last year .
" We respectfully disagreed with Massachusetts 's request for fees on the basis that they did not prevail on the vast majority of their original claims , " Microsoft spokeswoman Stacy Drake said .
The euro tagged another record high against the dollar on Tuesday as demand for higher-yielding euro-based assets overshadowed solid U.S. economic data .
Most of that - $ 51 billion - was for American troops in Iraq , while another $ 10 billion was for U.S. forces in Afghanistan .
Their ancestors are coming home at last -- the healing can finally begin , ' ' delegation leader Bob Weatherall told Reuters by telephone after the ceremony .
No country seems likely to oppose proposals for a long-term European Council president , replacing the current rotating presidency , as well as an EU foreign minister .
Harris and Klebold killed 12 students and a teacher before taking their own lives on April 20 , 1999 .
Strong spokeswoman Stephanie Truog said , " We are in the process of a thorough internal review with the assistance of outside professionals .
Today , we preserve essential tools to foster voice competition in the local market .
The little girl , the daughter of a teller , was taken to the bank after a doctor 's appointment .
Police said her two small children were alone in the apartment for up to two days .
Country-music station KKCS has suspended two disc jockeys for playing songs by the Dixie Chicks in violation of a ban imposed after one group member criticized President George Bush .
Since being drafted into service in 1971 , it has racked up a record 45 accidents , with 393 deaths .
She said the store ordered 520 copies and reserved another 300 .
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Stock Markets composite index added 14.17 points or 0.94 per cent to 1,517.05 .
Lewis said that the third-quarter results were driven by deposit and loan growth , strong investment banking and trading results , and improved mortgage and card revenues .
A coalition of campaign groups , including the militant national students body , is backing the protests , which the NLC called in defiance of a court order banning them .
A man , 19-year-old Antowain Johnson , ``tried to go back in and get the rest of them but the smoke wouldn 't let him , ' ' she said .
Not only had Bashir given his blessing but he had asked " that we hit the target well " , Mr Bafana said .
Come tonight , 21-year-old Morgan and as many as 1,200 fellow students at Wheaton College will gather in the gym for the first real dance in the school 's 143-year history .
Unemployment across the state fell a half of a percentage point last month to 6.1 percent from August 's mark of 6.6 percent .
The document , headlined Information for Health Care Professionals , warns of potential panic attacks , psychosis and convulsions .
Witnesses from Malaysia will testify Thursday in the treason trial of cleric Abu Bakar Bashir , said to be the leader of terrorist group Jemaah Islamiyah .
In the first three months of 2003 alone , weekly earnings adjusted for inflation fell 1.5 % -- the biggest drop in more than a decade , " Lieberman said .
The caretaker , identified by church officials as Jorge Manzon , was believed to be among the nine missing - some of them children .
But authorities have been unable to stop the tragedies , which they blame on overcrowding , poor vessel construction and lax enforcement of safety rules .
But SCO has hit back , saying : " We view IBM 's counterclaim filing today as an effort to distract attention from its flawed Linux business model .
After a tense stand-off , the battlewagon turned back .
The National Association of Purchasing Management-Chicago 's factory index increased to 58.9 from 55.9 in July .
He has also served on the president 's Homeland Security Advisory Council .
Winners will be announced in a June 8 ceremony broadcast on CBS from Radio City Music Hall .
A grief-stricken old woman , disconsolate with grief , smeared her face with dirt , uttering : " My child , my child . "
Rescue workers arriving to February 's deadly fire at a West Warwick nightclub met a horrific scene , as people trapped in the club 's doorway screamed for help .
Miodrag Zivkovic , of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro , won 31 percent of the vote while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got four percent .
The technology-heavy Nasdaq Composite Index gained 25.75 points , or 1.5 percent , to 1,746.46 , its highest close in about 15 months .
The U.S. military on Dec. 2 began a large-scale sweep , dubbed Operation Avalanche , targeting the south and east of the country , where Taliban activity has been highest .
" If draining the ponds in Maryland will help further establish [ his ] innocence , we welcome it .
The group expects to roll out the first products by the second half of 2004 .
Sorkin , who faces charges of conspiracy to obstruct justice and lying to a grand jury , was to have been tried separately .
" The Republicans went into a closet , met with themselves , and announced a ' compromise . ' "
You can reach her at ( 248 ) 647-7221 or send e-mail to lberman @ detnews.com.
Among the most recent additions to the list , which to date includes more than 360 groups and individuals , is Zelimkhan Yandarbiev , the former president of Chechnya .
Data showed Italian business confidence slipped to its lowest level in 16 months in May , aiding rate cut expectations .
" This new division will be focused on the vitally important task of protecting the nation 's cyber assets so that we may best protect the nation 's critical infrastructure assets . "
Duisenberg said in an interview with Bloomberg News ' German television channel released earlier on Wednesday it was too early to discuss further interest rate cuts for the euro zone .
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone 's original application in December 2001 , saying the trial had been sloppily conducted .
His 1996 Chevrolet Tahoe was found abandoned June 25 in a Virginia Beach , Va . , parking lot .
But it said that the Danish ban had been effective in reducing the spread among food animals .
UAL attorney James Sprayregen told a court hearing yesterday that it would submit a fresh business plan , but gave no indication of when .
The yield on the 3 percent note maturing in 2008 fell 22 basis points to 2.61 percent .
The FBI is trying to determine when White House officials and members of the vice president 's staff first focused on Wilson and learned about his wife 's employment at the CIA .
He said some issues _ such as division break-up _ really can only be resolved if and when the conference is expanded .
Inamed shares closed down nearly 12 percent on Nasdaq , where it was one of the top percentage losers .
The DVD-CCA then appealed to the state Supreme Court .
Rock singer Ozzy Osbourne , recovering from a quad bike crash , is conscious and joking in his hospital bed , his daughter Kelly said tonight .
Only 66 years old , Brooks was killed on Monday , Aug. 11 , 2003 in an automobile accident in his native Minnesota .
The contractors convicted last month , Brian Rose , 36 , and Joseph Quattrone , 35 , are to be sentenced in January .
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Stock Markets composite index added 1.16 points to 1,504.04 .
He and 13 others were arrested Monday after blocking traffic in support of striking university workers .
Mallard 's friend , Clete Jackson , and his cousin , Herbert Tyrone Cleveland , pleaded guilty last year to dumping Biggs ' body .
Chief Justice William Rehnquist and Justice Clarence Thomas were the two other dissenting judges .
A woman was listed in good condition at Memorial 's HealthPark campus , he said .
At another point , Mr. Bush said : " The choice was up to the dictator , and he chose poorly .
The euro < EUR = > was up 0.67 percent against the dollar at $ 1.1784 after rising to a three-month high earlier in the session above $ 1.18 .
Gainers included Dow components AT & T , which rose $ 1.25 to $ 21.75 , and General Motors , which rose 57 cents to $ 37.70 .
His spokesman , Tom Parker , said Moore 's attorneys would respond to the complaint Monday .
Supporters say a city casino will attract tourists and conventioneers who will gamble and spend money in restaurants and stores .
CELF said IBM is pursuing membership and plans to be an active participant in the forum .
According to Sanmina-SCI , Newisys , based in Austin , Texas , will become a wholly-owned subsidiary .
Ebert asked Franklin , pointing to a color photo of Linda Franklin on a projection screen .
The comment period was to have expired on Monday .
Though that slower spending made 2003 look better , many of the expenditures actually will occur in 2004 .
One had also pointed to the word refugee in an English / Turkish dictionary .
But stocks have rallied sharply over the past 3-1 / 2 months amid hopes for an economic rebound later this year .
Because of the distance between the two chambers , the eventual conference between House and Senate tax writers promises to be intense and possibly rocky .
Network security products maker Secure Computing Inc. said Tuesday it is acquiring content-filtering vendor N2H2 for $ 20 million , furthering consolidation in an already-competitive market .
Mr. Stevens has also told his officers that information from British intelligence indicates there are more al Qaeda agents in Britain than previously thought .
While Bolton apparently fell and was immobilized , Selenski used the mattress to scale a 10-foot , razor-wire fence , Fischi said .
Mr Charlton was in the third aisle when a man in a brown suit raced past him with his hands in the air , armed with the stakes .
Calvin Hollins Jr . ' s attorney , Thomas Royce , has repeatedly said his client had no link with the company that owned and operated E2 .
Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi , whose country holds the rotating EU presidency , said he was prepared to call another meeting of leaders next month .
Joe Nichols captured new male vocalist honors , riding back-to-back hits " The Impossible " and " Brokenheartedsville . "
In 1975 he married Marta Casals , the widow of Pablo Casals .
A $ 5 billion dollar-denominated portion has seen about $ 19 billion of bids , investors said .
The horrific nature of the attacks is often fueled by a mix of tribal hatreds and a desire to spread terror in the region .
He said the Senate has confirmed 124 judicial nominees since Bush took office and " I don 't see much broken . "
They calculate that one-third of those taking the drug would gain an average of 11 years of life , free of cardiovascular disease .
The FTC judge is set to render a decision on Dec. 18 , which is viewed as the final chapter of a long-standing legal saga that 's dragged on for years .
Albertson 's and Kroger 's Ralphs stores locked out their workers in response .
When contacted last night , Perkins declined comment .
Dos Reis also pleaded guilty to federal charges that he crossed state lines to have sex with Christina and another girl on a different occasion .
Shelia Chaney Wilson seemed agitated when she came to help prepare for Turner Monumental A.M.E. Church 's upcoming 104th anniversary celebration , worshippers said .
" The Matrix Reloaded , " which opened in limited previews Wednesday night , took in an estimated $ 135.8 million for all five days .
Graves reported from Albuquerque , Villafranca from Austin and Ratcliffe from Laredo .
" We acted because we saw the existing evidence in a new light , through the prism of ... Sept . 11th . "
Under the adjusted definition , officials Thursday listed 29 cases as suspected and said that 107 other people showing possible SARS symptoms were being monitored .
Putin hailed Saudi Arabia as ``one of the most important Muslim nations .
Utah 's median household income also took a hit , falling 1.8 percent , from $ 48,875 to $ 47,978 .
Bennett told Newsweek that " over 10 years , I 'd say I 've come out pretty close to even . "
The 30-year bond US30YT = RR jumped 20 / 32 , taking its yield to 4.14 percent from 4.18 percent .
I would like to congratulate Russia on the successful World Climate Change Conference last week .
My view is these al-Qaeda terrorists - and I believe it was al-Qaeda - would prefer to have many such events . "
The captain , Michael J. Gansas , was notified yesterday by the city 's Department of Transportation that an agency hearing officer recommended that he be fired .
In addition , it offered the United States and Israel a way to work around Mr. Arafat .
The church was already grieving the death of Chief Warrant Officer 3 Kyran Kennedy , a congregation member who was killed in another helicopter crash in Iraq on Nov. 7 .
The court today reversed the decision of that court , the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit .
I called the number and the lady told me she was talking on the phone to Toby Studabaker , ' ' Sherry Studabaker told BBC television .
The yield on the benchmark 10-year Treasury note rose as high as 4.66 percent Aug. 14 from 3.07 percent in June .
The decades-long conflict has killed more than 10,000 people in the resource-rich province , most of them civilians .
The rebels suspended peace talks with the government April 21 citing a lack of progress .
At last week 's meeting with U.S. President George W. Bush , Roh said inter-Korean exchanges would be " conducted in light of developments on the North Korean nuclear issue . "
YES filed suit yesterday in the Supreme Court of New York County in Manhattan .
Typhoon Maemi later moved out over the Sea of Japan , where it weakened considerably , the meteorology department said .
Bush also said he plans to meet with scientists and legal experts and will not make a determination on the bill for a few more weeks .
Blair took over the Labour Party when his predecessor John Smith died of a heart attack in 1994 .
P & G officials later concluded that the better approach was to split up the contracts to avoid reliance on just one contractor .
And although he has acted in period dramas before in screen versions of Jane Austens Persuasion and Charlotte Brontes Jane Eyre Henchard is a breed apart .
Lee , 33 , told the newspaper that the girl had dragged the food , toys and other things into her mother 's bedroom , where he found her .
Janice Kelly said her husband had received assurances from senior MoD officials that his name would not be made public .
Mills affected by Thursdays announcement are sawmills in Grande Cache , Alta . , Carrot River , Sask . , Chapleau , Ont . , and Aberdeen , Wash .
He started in the 1983 Super Bowl , which Miami lost 27-17 to Washington .
US troops encountered fire from rocket-propelled grenades , mortars , and small arms coming from bunkers and buildings .
Physicians who violate the ban would be subject to fines and up to two years in prison .
The resulting lists led toa CBS special , AFI 's 100 Years . . . 100 Heroes & Villains , hosted by Arnold Schwarzenegger .
The compensation committee will prohibit securities industry directors from sitting on it .
White House officials say Iran has one last chance to comply with IAEA inspection demands .
Wind River also cut costs , reducing first-quarter operating expenses by 28 percent to $ 47.1 million .
On Sunday , the experts will perform the first simultaneous release of five whales from a single stranding incident in the United States .
Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi must be counting his lucky stars .
" Nobody really knows what happened except me and that guard , " Kaye said , " and I can assure you that what he said happened didn 't happen . "
With Claritin 's decline , Schering-Plough 's best-selling products now are two drugs used together to treat hepatitis C , the antiviral pill ribavirin and an interferon medicine called Peg-Intron .
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 118 points , or 1.36 percent , to 8,829 .
The Rev. Christopher J. Coyne , spokesman for the archdiocese , wouldn 't comment Friday .
Mason said al-Amoudi was arrested at Dulles International Airport on Sunday as he came into the country .
The product also features an updated release of the Apache Web server , as well as Apache Tomcat and Apache Axis .
Blue chips edged lower by midday on Wednesday as a wave of profit warnings drained some of the optimism that has driven a rally over the past three months .
Asked about the controversy , Bloomberg said , " I didn 't see either one today , but if they 're here and wave from the side I 'll certainly wave to them .
Manfred Bischoff , EADS co-chairman and also a member of the management board of DaimlerChrysler , said both EPI and Pratt & Whitney had presented " excellent proposals .
Dr. Greg Robinson -- an AIDS patient -- left Health Canada 's advisory committee because of inconsistencies in pot access .
The agency said it would not release the name of the 17-year-old involved because he is a minor .
Sean Harrigan of Calpers , the California fund , said : " Today we are trying to pull the pig from the trough .
Emmy and Golden Globe Award-winners James Brolin and Judy Davis star as Ronald and Nancy Reagan in The Reagans .
Muhammad and fellow sniper suspect Lee Boyd Malvo , who goes on trial Nov. 10 , were arrested Oct. 24 , 2002 , at a Maryland highway rest stop .
Nissan North America announced yesterday that it will spend $ 250 million to expand its Smyrna assembly plant to bring production of the Pathfinder sport utility vehicle to Tennessee .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 5.53 points , or 0.33 percent , at 1,662.91 .
If sufficient evidence exists at the end of what is expected to be a five-day hearing , Peterson will be held for trial on the charges .
Sgt. Randy Force , a police spokesman , said O 'Brien wasn 't being charged with causing the crash because Reed was jaywalking .
Privately-held GeCAD Software , founded in 1992 , has supplied antivirus and security products since 1994 under the name RAV AntiVirus .
Canadian researchers ordered the slaughter of more than 2,000 cows and conducted an extensive investigation but were not able to find evidence of any other infected animals .
He said they should " not really be patrolling or be around those areas when they ... are conducting their prayers . "
He blamed guerrillas from the Taliban regime ousted in late 2001 and said it was possible the bomber died in the blast .
Ottawa police reported 23 cases of looting , along with two deaths possibly attributed to the outage - a pedestrian hit by a car and a fire victim .
In Kentucky , Democratic Attorney General Ben Chandler faces U.S. Rep. Ernie Fletcher .
The American Express Corp. has pledged at least $ 3 million of more than $ 5 million needed .
Operating revenue fell 4.5 percent to $ 2.3 billion from a year earlier .
" It 's unfortunate that Senator Clinton would seek to politicize such a qualified nominee as Governor Leavitt , " said Taylor Gross , a White House spokesman .
French President Jacques Chirac was said to have demanded that a European company provide the engines .
The seal will ultimately be used to identify DHS badges , vehicles , signs , sea vessels and aircraft .
Fighting has continued sporadically in the west , where it is complicated by the presence of battle-hardened Liberians on both sides .
The ECB has cut interest rates six times over that period , from 4.75 percent in October 2000 to 2.5 percent .
PeopleSoft gained 94 cents , or 5.5 percent , to $ 18.09 .
General Myers told reporters that " at first blush , it doesn 't look like any rules were broken " .
In its quarter ended May 30 , Adobe earned $ 64.25 million , or 27 cents a share .
Sun filed its lawsuit after an appeals court in Washington upheld the U.S. government 's antitrust case against Microsoft .
At 11 p.m. , Henri was centered about 70 miles southwest of St. Petersburg and was becoming disorganized as it drifted south at about 3 mph , forecasters said .
Muhammad will stand trial for the Oct. 9 slaying of Dean Harold Meyers , 53 .
Progress Software plans to acquire privately held DataDirect Technologies for about $ 88 million in cash , the companies said Friday .
He added International Business Machines Corp. ' s ( IBM ) endorsement of Linux has " added credibility and an illusion of support and accountability . "
Germany 's Foreign Ministry said it believed the passengers were from the northern states of Lower Saxony and Schleswig-Holstein , but had no further details .
Both Blair and Bush have faced accusations that they manipulated intelligence about weapons of mass destruction to make the case for military action .
Selenski 's partner in the jailbreak , Scott Bolton , injured his ankle , pelvis and ribs during the escape attempt , Warden Gene Fischi said .
In court , Stewart briefly waved to courtroom sketch artists seated in the jury box .
" The idea of a federal betting parlor on atrocities and terrorism is ridiculous and it 's grotesque , " said Wyden .
If Lee is indicted , prosecutors will seek the death penalty .
A seventh victim , a woman , died Tuesday night in the burn unit at childrens Hospital Medical Center of Akron .
She was surrounded by about 50 women who regret having abortions .
" Spring has arrived in Estonia -- we 're back in Europe , " Prime Minister Juhan Parts told a news conference on Sunday .
Daniels said he doesn 't know what Bush will have to say about him at tonight 's $ 2,000-per-person presidential fund-raiser .
Mississippi placed among the bottom 10 states in 13 of the 17 measures .
The German finance ministry on Monday said there was no case for softening .
They include Ask Jeeves Inc . , Global Crossing , Aether Systems , Clarent , Copper Mountain Networks and VA Linux , now VA Software .
Now , Blanca 's American husband , 63-year-old Roger Lawrence Strunk , faces a murder indictment issued in February by the Philippine government , which says he 's the leading suspect .
At least 23 U.S. troops have been killed by hostile fire since Bush declared major combat in Iraq to be over on May 1 .
Only two bidders of the six have expressed interest in the whole pie - oil tycoon Marvin Davis and Seagram heir Edgar Bronfman Jr .
In 1999 , NIST found , the Port Authority issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1 1 / 2 inches .
The festival kicked off yesterday one day after the Competition Commission delivered its final verdict to the Government on the proposed £ 4.1 billion merger .
" I believe it is my duty to not only represent Australia but the people of the world as one as a stance against terrorism , " he replied .
The consensus among Wall Street analysts was for a loss of 28 cents a share .
Viacom 's lawyers say Spike is a common name that does not necessarily prompt thoughts of Lee .
Two officials initially said about 300 workers had been arrested at 61 stores in 21 states .
" There 's nothing we can do to stop " the water flow , Stegman said .
Between 1993 and 2002 , 142 allegations of sexual assault were reported .
The answer , the group said , would be to " create a format that can be used by all devices but can accommodate other formats . "
Their groundbreaking contributions commercialize technologies , create jobs , improve productivity and stimulate the nation 's growth and development . "
President Bush and top officials in his administration cited the threat from Iraq 's alleged chemical and biological weapons and nuclear weapons program as the main justification for going to war .
" We will clearly modify some features of our plans as well as their administration , " Reed said in a letter to the NYSE 's 1,366 members .
Thompson ordered Moore to remove the monument within 30 days , but stayed that order pending Moore 's appeal to the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals .
But it now has 600 fewer stores - about 1,500 in all - and a $ 2 billion loan to compete against bigger merchants .
The MTA had argued it needed to raise fares to close a two-year deficit it estimated at different times ranged from less than $ 1 billion to $ 2.8 billion .
This morning , at UM 's New York office , Coen revised his expectations downward , saying that spending would instead rise 4.6 percent to $ 247 billion .
For the full 12-month period , high-speed cable modem connections increased by 49 percent .
They were just making sure they dotted all the I 's and crossed all the T 's , " said Schooff .
The TAAD and SAR-x chips are priced from $ 125 to $ 300 in quantities of 10,000 .
Representatives of its tribal and ethnic groups named a cross section of residents yesterday to run municipal affairs alongside the US military .
Emeryville-based Ask Jeeves agreed to sell a business software division to a Sunnyvale-based rival , Kanisa , for $ 4.25 million .
But U.S. District Judge Joseph DiClerico denied their request in a brief ruling .
Both were declared dead about 6 p.m. at Brookdale University Hospital and Medical Center .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 Index lost 6.77 , or 0.7 percent , to 927.62 as of 10 : 33 a.m. in New York .
" The SIA forecast reflects the new realities of the semiconductor industry of an 8-10 percent " growth rate , George Scalise , the trade association 's president , said in a statement .
" I feel that people that are sending these messages are infringing on my rights and everyone else 's rights to use their computers , " said McKechnie .
I would like to publicly thank Sir Alex Ferguson for making me the player I am today . "
The judge ordered the unsealing yesterday at the request of several news agencies , including The Seattle Times , The Associated Press and the Seattle Post-Intelligencer .
Island Def Jam must pay $ 52 million in punitive damages , and Cohen must pay the remaining $ 56 million , the jury said .
Diane Lade of the South Florida Sun-Sentinel , a Tribune Publishing newspaper , contributed to this report .
Reuters reported Braun ended June with $ 22,126 in the bank , according to her FEC report , and the Rev. Al Sharpton reported $ 12,061 in the bank .
Seattle Deputy Police Chief Clark Kimerer said the exercise here went well , with some aspects , including the communication system linking various agencies , working better than expected .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX declined 10.65 points , or 1.07 percent , to 987.86 .
Parrado 's aunt believes her nephew , who has served a prison sentence in Cuba , will be persecuted if he is repatriated .
At midday Monday , the 10-year note US10YT = RR had slipped 12 / 32 in price giving a yield of 3.16 percent from 3.12 percent .
British police arrested 21 people early Tuesday in connection with the suspected ritual murder of an African boy whose torso was found in the Thames River .
He wants to kill him , but then I suppose I 'd be that angry too if somebody tried to kill my old man , " he said .
" The sentence reflects the seriousness with which our office and the courts views these crimes , " Spitzer said in a statement .
Pressed for details , Mr Warner said : " All six of them are dead , we were told by Harold and his group " .
The report that cost Mr Forlong his career at Sky News was screened on 29 March .
The researchers at Imperial College London had previously shown that the hormone could suppress the appetites of lean people .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC lost 4.95 points , or 0.33 percent , at 1,486.14 .
The final chapter in the trilogy , The Matrix Revolutions , is out in November .
Now , for the first time , those without Internet access can sign up with a single phone call .
The Yankees , however , had big trouble handling Victor Zambrano ( 4-4 ) for the second straight time .
Officials developed plans to burn about 2,000 acres of dense forest near the park 's southwest border by dropping incendiary devices , hoping to burn off fuel from the wildfire 's path .
Five Big East schools , Connecticut , Pittsburgh , Rutgers , Virginia Tech and West Virginia , filed the lawsuit June 6 .
Researchers have identified roughly 130 genes on chromosome six that may predispose humans to certain diseases .
Take-Two also defended its right to create a " realistic " game for an adult audience .
Agnew said Pinellas began baiting when rabies cases " went from zero to 30 " in 1995 .
The Justice Department filed suit Thursday against the state of Mississippi for failing to end what federal officials call " disturbing " abuse of juveniles and " unconscionable " conditions at two state-run facilities .
He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words , daughter Linda Hope said .
Ms. Strayhorn said she has hired a constitutional scholar to assist her staff .
Searches for survivors from several previous shipwrecks have often had to be abandoned for similar reasons , leaving the vessels and most of their passengers unaccounted for .
The dollar was last at $ 1.1149 to the euro , close to its strongest level since April 30 .
Fasting glucose was 142 mg / dL on average for those given usual care , compared with 129 mg / dL in the group given specialized care ( P < .01 ) .
In a series of raids , Moroccan police arrested 33 suspects on Saturday , including some linked to the radical Djihad Salafist group , a senior official said .
Mr Eddington warned yesterday that the future of the airline was " in the hands of the negotiators " .
Civilian reservists also could be sent overseas for jobs such as the reconstruction of Afghanistan and Iraq .
Two women lost their battle in a British court yesterday to save their frozen embryos and use them to have children without the consent of their former partners .
Without admitting or denying the S.E.C. ' s allegations , Mr. Markovitz agreed to a permanent ban from associating with an investment adviser or mutual fund .
That client component , the Microsoft Windows Rights Management Client 1.0 , is what Microsoft posted for free download Tuesday .
But the company said that its competitors simply were trying to hinder MCI 's emergence from bankruptcy .
" Michael is innocent , " Jackson 's mother , Katherine , said in a written statement .
By Wednesday , the Red Planet will come as near to Earth as it has been in 60,000 years .
" I am happy to be here in the United States , far away from the clutches of the tyrant Castro , " Wilson said through a Spanish interpreter .
Colorado Attorney-General Ken Salazar later said his office has also filed suit against Invesco , charging it with violations of the state 's consumer protection act .
Many women complain that they become more forgetful around the time of menopause , and some doctors believe that hormonal changes are the reason .
H. Carl McCall , co-chairman of the exchange 's special committee on governance , resigned Thursday , saying Reed should start with a " clean slate . "
" We are declaring war on sexual harassment and sexual assault .
Mizuho 's ( JP : 8411 : news , chart , profile ) shares closed up 3,500 yen , or 4.8 percent , to 76,800 yen .
The University of Michigan released a new undergraduate admission process Thursday , dropping a point system the U.S. Supreme Court found unconstitutional in June .
The Fed afterglow lingered well into Wednesday and enhanced demand for the second installment of a massive U.S. Treasury refunding -- $ 18 billion in five-year notes .
Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman Sen. John Warner , R-Va . , is also considering a look into the issue .
Shares of Microsoft rose 50 cents Friday to close at $ 28.34 a share on the Nasdaq Stock Market .
At 5 p.m. EDT , the center of Hurricane Fabian was located near latitude 15.7 north , longitude 45.2 west or about 1,075 miles east of the Lesser Antilles .
Retailers J.C. Penney Co . Inc . ( JCP ) and Walgreen Co . ( WAG ) kick things off on Monday .
Teams of inspectors walked into a restricted area at one park without being stopped ; others took pictures of sensitive areas without being challenged .
Samuel Waksal , ImClone 's former CEO , recently began serving a prison sentence of more than seven years for securities fraud .
" NASA 's organizational culture and structure had as much to do with this accident as the ( loose ) foam . "
So far , Georgia has been returned all but $ 70,000 of the money it wired .
The Fourth of July Parade begins at 10 : 30 a.m. on Redwood Road , above the Sequoia and Redwood intersection .
" I am unaware of any genuine entries concerning British servicemen in the police records , " said a spokesman for the British High Commission in Nairobi yesterday .
Bo Hitchcock , Levin 's attorney , declined to comment Friday .
On Monday , Christian Ganczarski was apprehended at the airport and was to appear before an anti-terrorism judge soon , the officials said .
" Everything was decided in advance , " said one of the men , Thierry Falise , a Belgian photographer , as he arrived in Bangkok .
To create the condyle , Dr Mao and colleague Adel Alhadlaq used adult stem cells taken from the bone marrow of rats .
Shares of Guidant plummeted in trading both on and off the New York Stock Exchange before a news halt was imposed after midday .
El Watan , an Algerian newspaper , reported that the kidnappers fiercely resisted the army assault this morning , firing Kalashnikov rifles .
He had served nine years in prison for the crime -- two on death row -- when he was released .
Thomas and Tauzin say , as do many doctors , that the Bush administration has the power to correct some of those flaws .
Thousands of pounds of fireworks inside the warehouse and packed in the tractor-trailer rig exploded , the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives said .
" Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats to our future -- terrorism -- this Bush administration chose to settle old scores , " he said .
As a result , Nelson now faces up to 10 years ' jail instead of life .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index gained 16.02 points , or 1.62 percent , at 1,004.63 .
U.S. corporate bond yield spreads opened tighter overall on Tuesday , but tobacco company bonds widened significantly after an adverse legal ruling on Philip Morris USA .
Freeman 's civil hearing may be , on the surface , about a driver 's license .
Security forces stormed the building , but 129 hostages were killed along with the attackers .
This is a case about a woman who for 20 years dedicated her life to this country , " said Janet Levine .
Daughter Renee Jackson said she often made " huge pots of , like , beans and rice with , like , meat and casseroles " for the whole family .
John Logsdon , a board member , said that " human spaceflight had become a place where dissent was not welcome . "
Founded in 1996 , the LendingTree exchange consists of more than 200 banks , lenders , and brokers .
State wildlife officials have concluded that the fluorescent zebra fish from Florida poses no danger , and they have recommended that the state exempt it from the ban .
The airline said the results showed that its recovery programme and other initiatives were helping to offset a continued deterioration in revenues .
The four were remanded in custody and will appear before the magistrate 's court again on July 8 .
Seniors would then have to pay 50 percent of their drug costs up to $ 3,450 .
It has a margin of error of plus or minus 4 percentage points .
Rep. Dan Gelber , D-Miami Beach , argued that the freeze is for only a few months .
Mitchell , Man of La Mancha , Malcolm Gets from Amour and John Selya , Movin ' Out , complete the field .
We believe the report is fully consistent with what the courts have ruled ... that the department 's actions are fully within the law .
" He died doing something he loved , " William Dusenbery , Sr. , who lives in Fairview Heights , just outside St. Louis , Mo .
A second bomb , evidently carried by the other woman , did not explode ; the authorities detonated the explosives later .
" Really , this plan is an insult to working parents throughout New York City , " Mr. Silver said .
" This is a wide-ranging and continuing investigation which is likely to result in numerous other charges , " Mr Spitzer said .
He said that President Bush 's proposed Clean Air Act amendment , called the Clear Skies Initiative , would result in greater efficiency and therefore less pollution .
British-based GlaxoSmithKline Plc said earlier this year it would cut off supplies to Canadian drugstores that ship to the United States .
The latest outbreak seems to have begun with one of the female patients , a transfer from Jen Chi Hospital in Taipei .
A senior law enforcement official , discussing the case on grounds of anonymity , identified the suspect as Ahmed Mehalba .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC declined 16.68 points , or 1.01 percent , at 1,636.94 .
Contrary to what PeopleSoft management would have you believe , Oracle intends to fully support PeopleSoft customers and products for many years to come . "
The dollar 's slide against the yen was curbed by wariness that Japanese authorities could intervene to stem the yen 's rise .
Jim Furyk celebrated his first Father 's Day as a father by winning his first major golf championship .
The dollar gained against the euro , yen and Swiss franc after September U.S. retail sales figures came in slightly weaker than consensus forecasts .
The memo on protecting sales of Windows and other desktop software mentioned Linux , a still small but emerging software competitor that is not owned by any specific company .
The results were released at Tuesday 's meeting in Seattle of the American Thoracic Society and will be published in Thursday 's New England Journal of Medicine .
He has established a group to revise the constitution , possibly to protect private property .
Avalon means the next Windows OS will support new styles of user interfaces and elements .
Memories also live on of the bloody debacle in Somalia 10 years ago -- the last major US military involvement in Africa .
Another piece would be sent to the lab in Virginia for additional testing , Conte said .
However , George Heath , a Fort Campbell spokesman , said shortly after the attack that Akbar had " an attitude problem " .
His dissent was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justice Clarence Thomas .
The Institute for Supply Management said its manufacturing index stood at 53.7 in September .
The 30-year bond US30YT = RR slid 1-10 / 32 for a yield of 4.30 percent , up from 4.23 percent .
Legislation making it harder for consumers to erase their debts in bankruptcy court won overwhelming House approval in March .
The SEC said on Thursday its staff was preparing to draw up rules to combat trading abuses .
Other recall suits are pending in federal court .
It will also boost SuSE 's sales reach worldwide and enhance HP 's Linux business , they said .
They used discarded skin from consenting patients who had undergone surgery and exposed it to UVA light at intensities similar to that of sunlight .
" Mr Gilbertson would have been entitled to these superannuation payments irrespective of ... ( how ) he left the company , " Mr Argus said .
Previously he had seen the grinning mechanic from east Java only on television .
Mr Abbas said : " Every day without an agreement is an opportunity that was lost .
" There is always a danger of casualties in something like this .
Cordiant has been on the block since it lost the key Allied Domecq account in April .
The verbal flareup with Keating stemmed from Cardinal Mahony 's initial refusal to participate in that survey unless procedures were changed .
Toronto yesterday had 64 probable cases of SARS and nine suspect cases .
Bush said resistance forces hostile to the U.S. presence " feel like ... the conditions are such that they can attack us there .
The Democratic primary results have a margin of error of plus or minus 6.1 percentage points .
She noted some fast-food chains , including McDonald 's , already display calorie information in their stores or on their Web sites .
United already has paid the city $ 34 million in penalties for not meeting the first round of employment targets .
" This will be a marathon , not a sprint , " said Jimmy D. Staton , a senior vice president with the utility .
The American Anglican Council , which represents Episcopalian conservatives , said it will seek authorization to create a separate province in North America because of last week 's actions .
She estimated it would take three months and would require cancellation of a sub-audit of the Department of Environmental Quality .
In 1999 a California legislator proposed a law requiring driving tests for those over the age of 75 who sought to renew their licenses .
He later learned that the incident was caused by the Concorde 's sonic boom .
He said the space program is developing antisatellite weapons and robotic space weapons , but said he did not think that the Shenzhou V had military applications .
The UAW earlier this week reached tentative agreements , also for four years , with Ford Motor Co . , DaimlerChrysler AG 's Chrysler Group and supplier Visteon Corp.
Microsoft this week released a critical update to fix a bug with its newly released Office 2003 suite .
The company 's operating loss rose 59 percent to $ 73 million , from $ 46 million a year earlier .
Sen. Bob Graham , Florida Democrat , raised $ 2 million after getting a late start .
Peck died peacefully at his Los Angeles home early Thursday with his wife of 48 years , Veronique , by his side .
The budget analysis comes as negotiations between the City Council and the Bloomberg administration heat up .
From California , Bush flies to Japan on Thursday , followed by visits to the Philippines , Thailand , Singapore , Indonesia and Australia before returning home on Oct. 24 .
Less than a month after departing her anchor 's chair at " Dateline NBC , " Jane Pauley has signed a new deal with NBC to host a syndicated daytime talk show .
In 2002 , the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee took in $ 18,009 from moonlighting as a songwriter , according to his latest Senate financial disclosure .
Mr. Rush is the only witness to the events in the pilothouse who has spoken to investigators .
The findings were reported online in the June 1 edition of scientific journal Nature Medicine .
Mr Goh on his part , described the visit as especially important - given the SARS situation .
Dolores Mahoy , 68 , of Colorado Springs , Colo . , is someone who might be helped by the legislation pending in Congress .
Attorney Patricia Anderson , who represents the Schindlers in the courtroom tug-of-war with their son-in-law , declined to comment on the case .
Its second-quarter earnings per share of 22 cents was slightly better than analysts ' estimates of 19 cents a share and more than double its prediction in April .
Ms Pike also said it was not unusual for hospitals to go into deficit , but the Government would ensure they remained viable .
" Everything is going to move everywhere , " Doug Feith , undersecretary of defence for policy , said in an interview .
Two hours earlier , they had recovered the body of Melissa Rogers , 33 , of Liberty , Mo .
Graham , a presidential candidate , was criticized by several Republicans as ' ' politicizing ' ' the report .
Last year , he was forced to repay $ 3,000 in bar tabs that he and his staff incurred while he was labour minister but had originally billed to taxpayers .
" This puts telemarketers on notice that we will take all measures necessary to protect consumers who chose to be left alone in their homes . "
PDC will also almost certainly fan the flames of speculation about Longhorn 's release .
The global death toll approached 770 with more than 8,300 people sickened since the SARS virus first appeared in southern China in November .
If this escalation continues as Rowling concludes the saga , there may be an epidemic of Hogwarts headaches in the years to come , he wrote .
Blair himself took the reins of the Labour Party after its leader John Smith died of a heart attack in 1994 .
" Of course the FBI agent who ran him down received nothing , " Mr. Connolly said .
This change in attitude gave upscale purveyors including Neiman Marcus , the parent of Bergdorf Goodman ; and Nordstrom strong sales gains in May .
Jason Giambi capitalized with an RBI single to center .
Making jokes about a mistake like that , that 's not something good people do .
Already suffering with the nation 's worst credit rating , the state is operating for the first time completely on borrowed money .
According to the survey , last years identity theft losses to businesses and financial institutions totaled nearly $ 48 billion and consumer victims reported $ 5 billion in out-of-pocket expenses .
Sovereign , based in Philadelphia , expects to close the acquisition in the first quarter of 2004 .
The rate of survival without serious brain damage is about 10 per cent , said Dr Leo Bossaert , executive director of the European Resuscitation Council .
It is so far out in international water that the finder Odyssey Marine Exploration , of Tampa , Fla . , does not have to share the wealth with any governments .
U.S. troops killed nearly two dozen suspected Taliban militants after coming under fire in southern Afghanistan in the latest in a series of such attacks .
An hour later , an Israeli helicopter fired missiles at a car in Gaza City , killing two Hamas officials and at least five other people .
United Airlines plans to become the first domestic airline to offer e-mail on all its domestic flights by the end of the year , the company announced yesterday .
E Ink is one of several groups trying to develop electronic " paper " for e-newspapers and e-books , and other uses - even clothing with computer screens sewn into it .
Some 175 million shares traded on the Big Board , a 7 percent increase from the same time a week ago .
The day after Wilkie resigned , Howard said in a televised address that Iraq possessed " chemical and biological weapons capable of causing death and destruction on a mammoth scale " .
Some 14,000 customers were without power in the area , Oklahoma Gas and Electric said .
The center has a budget of $ 45 million , most of which will be spent on research and testing , Bridges said .
" It is symptomatic of the communication difficulties that often trouble the ECB , " said Ken Wattret of BNP Paribas .
She also thanked her boyfriend , Sgt. Ruben Contreras , who was sitting next to the stage .
One question was whether France , which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. authorization for the war , would vote " Yes " or abstain .
A suburban Chicago man was arrested Wednesday on charges of secretly gathering information on Iraqi opposition figures as an unregistered agent of Saddam Hussein 's intelligence service .
Joan B. Kroc , the billionaire widow of McDonald 's Corp. founder Ray Kroc , died Sunday after a brief bout with brain cancer .
Gates dismissed the challenge from open-source programs such as Linux , which is gaining adherents in the public and private sectors .
U.S. same-store sales last months at Tim Hortons rose 8.8 per cent .
The two countries agreed last week to hold their first diplomatic discussions in two years .
Stocks had surged on Tuesday as economic reports pointed to a thriving housing market and an uptick in consumer confidence .
Analysts attributed the increase in part to negative news from bankrupt competitor WorldCom Inc . WCOEQ.PK and talk that AT & T could be a takeover target .
His lack of co-operation was allowing other Jemaah Islamiah fugitives to remain at large , Mr Dila told the court .
The FCC said existing televisions , VCRs , DVD players and related equipment would remain fully functional under the new broadcast flag system .
Enron 's 401 ( k ) plan covered about 20,000 workers , retirees and beneficiaries .
" I know of no pressure , " said Mr. Feith , the under secretary of defense for policy .
Minister Saud al-Faisal visit was disclosed Monday by two administration officials who discussed it on condition of not being identified by name .
Amrozi said Jews and the US and its allies had evil plans to colonise countries like Indonesia .
The FTC also said AOL and CompuServe failed to deliver timely rebates to consumers .
The quick conviction followed a 21 / 2-week trial , during which Waagner represented himself .
They are due to appear in the Brisbane Magistrates Court today .
Volodymyr Gorbanovsky , deputy general director of the plane 's owners , Mediterranean Airlines , said it appeared to have veered from its flight path because of the fog .
" We have concluded that the outlook for price stability over the medium term has improved significantly since our last decision to lower interest rates , " Duisenberg said .
The report cites the marriage of the alleged operational commander of the Bali bombings , Mukhlas , to Farida , a " highly cosmopolitan and well-educated young woman " .
He also said the academy will get its own internal report next week detailing how serious the problem remains .
This is what Dr. Dean said : " I still want to be the candidate for guys with Confederate flags in their pickup trucks .
X2 took in $ 17.1 million for a total three-week take of $ 174 million .
Crossing Jordan will be back in January after star Jill Hennessy gives birth .
The numbers highlight a conundrum : the difficulty of classifying racial and ethnic categories in an increasingly fluid and multi-ethnic society .
" We are pleased with the judge 's decision and pleased that they accepted our arguments , " a Merrill spokesman said Tuesday .
Shinseki retires Wednesday after a 38-year career that included combat in Vietnam and head of U.S. peacekeeping efforts in Bosnia .
The euro rose as high as $ 1.1535 -- a fresh four-year high -- in early Asian trading before standing at $ 1.1525 / 30 .
But Gelinas says only six have been fully re-evaluated .
In Toronto , police said they arrested 38 people and reported 114 incidents , mostly for looting and other thefts .
I never thought I 'd write these words , but here goes : I miss Vin Diesel .
The King of Prussia-based company could liquidate the other two chains if it cannot find a buyer by then , the company said .
Lloyds TSB confirmed on Tuesday it was " considering its options " over the sale of its National Bank of New Zealand subsidiary .
Southwest said it had already inspected its fleet of 385 aircraft and found no additional suspicious items .
He listed LeapFrog Enterprises ' LF.N LeapPad books , Hasbro Inc . ' s HAS.N Beyblade starter set , and MGA Entertainment 's Bratz doll line as toys that were stealing market share .
Without going into specifics , Oracle managers also indicated PeopleSoft 's roughly 8,000 workers could expect mass layoffs .
Abplanalp used plastic in a model that could be mass-produced , lowering the price per valve from 15 cents to 2 1 / 2 cents .
He faces 25 years in prison when he is sentenced in federal court July 7 .
He said the issue of disclosing classified information about a C.I.A. officer was " a very serious matter " that should be " pursued to the fullest extent " by the Justice Department .
SAN Architect and AutoAdvice can be used by themselves or as extensions to the ControlCenter family of storage management applications .
Her body was found several weeks later in the Green River .
At 12 , Lionel Tate was charged with first-degree murder over the death of Tiffany Eunick .
" I regret we had an incident that could be an impediment to progress , " Mr. Powell said , referring to the killing of Abdullah Qawasmeh , a leading Hamas figure .
There are now 37 active probable cases in the GTA , compared with 70 cases on June 6 .
CAPPS II will not use bank records , records indicating creditworthiness or medical records . "
Miodrag Zivkovic , of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro , won 31 percent of the vote , while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got 4 percent .
Daniel said it takes about two hours and 15 minutes to drive from his home to Nashville .
Ms. Kethley has said she also repeatedly denied his accusations .
The statewide unemployment rate fell to 6.4 percent , down from a revised 6.7 percent in August .
She said the president 's eyes filled with tears when she told him he would have to confess to their teenage daughter as well .
" The committee will define the role of the interim chairman and recommend an individual to fill that role , " said lead director H. Carl McCall in a statement .
AutoAdvice is available as a one-year subscription at $ 400 per CPU , scaling from one to 50,000 CPUs .
" We condemn and denounce the Governing Council , which is headed by the United States , " Moqtada al-Sadr said .
" The only thing that I know for certain is that these are bad people , " Bush told a joint news conference with Blair .
Also , hospital efforts to start " fever clinics " in parking lot tents to keep infectious patients out of emergency rooms are " moving along impressively , " Dr. Roth said .
Russian cosmonaut Malenchenko managed a space first earlier this month by marrying his earth-bound fiance by space phone .
Zulifquar Ali , a worshiper slightly wounded by shrapnel , said the attackers first targeted the mosque 's guards .
In addition to O 'Connor , Rehnquist 's majority opinion was joined by Justices David Souter , Ruth Bader Ginsburg , and Stephen Breyer .
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI slipped 9.54 points , or 0.1 percent , at 9,558.92 .
Those searches have not found stockpiles of chemical and biological weapons or significant evidence of a nuclear weapons program .
Thomas was joined in full by Rehnquist , and in parts by O 'Connor and Scalia .
If you 're over here thinking this problem has been blown out of proportion by the media , you are wrong .
He then drove south on Hemphill and west on Drew Street driving about 60 mph , Jones said .
Gold 's rise pulled other precious metals higher , shunting silver to $ 4.81 / 83 an ounce from $ 4.77 / 79 last quoted in New York .
The shooter ran away , police said , eluding an officer who gave chase .
At least 61 people were killed and dozens injured across Afghanistan yesterday in the worst outbreak of violence for more than a year .
At one of the three sampling sites at Huntington Beach , the bacteria reading came back at 160 on June 16 and at 120 on June 23 .
The company said it now expects second-quarter earnings of 68 cents and 72 cents a share , down from its prior outlook of 77 cents to 82 cents .
" We have an incredible amount of work to do , but it 's not in [ designing new ] instruction set architectures .
State Sen. Vi Simpson , former state and national Democratic chairman Joe Andrew are seeking the Democratic nomination .
The new contract extends the guarantee that his annual pay and bonus will be at least $ 2.4 million a year .
Chief merchandising officers oversee the buying and development of merchandise , deciding the merchandising direction of the company , or basically what it should stand for .
An animal rights group waited Friday to find out if it has succeeded in putting a stop to a state-sponsored program allowing hunters to shoot wolves from airplanes in Alaska .
The jump in tobacco shares was led by New York-based Altria , whose shares rose almost 10 percent to $ 38.28 .
But she didn 't say whether she 'll certify the two-year $ 117.4 billion budget for 2004-05 .
Mr. Berg says in an advertisement for it , " More than my remembrances , this book intends to convey hers . "
But the yen 's gains were capped by wariness about Japanese intervention , with some traders reporting irregular bids that smack of intervention around 118 yen .
" This fire is going to have a great potential to get into those areas , " Oltrogge said .
Mr. Bush had sought to store his papers in his father 's presidential library , where they would have stayed secret for a half-century .
Most times , wholesalers sold the questionable drugs to one of three huge national distributors that supply virtually all drugs in the country .
In his new position , Dynes will earn $ 395,000 , a significant increase over Atkinson 's salary of $ 361,400 .
Microsoft will seek to simplify creation of BizTalk applications by tying it more tightly to its flagship development tool , Visual Studio.Net.
Hoffa , 62 , vanished the afternoon of July 30 , 1975 , from a parking lot in Oakland County , about 25 miles north of Detroit .
Her birthday , 21 April , was declared a public holiday and she attended a reception and a ball .
In the second quarter last year , the company experienced a net loss of $ 185 million , or 54 cents a share , on sales of $ 600 million .
The Hulk weekend take surpasses the previous June record of $ 54.9-million for Austin Powers : The Spy Who Shagged Me .
Her lawyer , William Zabel , could not be reached .
" This blackout was largely preventable , " said Spencer Abraham , US energy secretary .
The matriarch - who celebrates her 81st birthday next month - was yesterday thanked for her generosity by model and actor Sarah O 'Hare , the National Breast Cancer Foundation patron .
Even after he turned 94 , Lacy worked to change baseball .
The broad Standard & Poor 's 500 Index < .SPX > lost 6 points , or 0.71 percent , to 927 .
Federal offices were to remain closed for a second day overnight ( Friday US time ) .
Previously , it had reported a profit of $ 12 million , or 0 cents a share , for that period .
They had published an advertisement on the Internet on June 10 , offering the cargo for sale , he added .
A hearing on the matter was held Thursday morning in Fulton County Superior Court , marking one of the early steps in deciding the case of Matthew Whitley .
Two Americans killed in a recent ambush in Afghanistan were contract employees of the CIA , the agency said Tuesday .
Because of the holiday period , the agency will not release data from the period since Dec. 27 until today .
Food and Drug Administration ( news - web sites ) Commissioner Mark McClellan said Kraft 's initiative could start an important trend .
Friends said Frank Riva worked in construction in Manhattan and recently helped his son get into the construction workers union .
Had the creditors turned down the bailout plan , LG Group might have been forced to close down its credit card business .
However , the standards body warns that changes to Internet Explorer may affect a " large number " of existing Web sites .
A month ago , the Commerce Department said GDP grew at a 7.2 percent rate .
Labor Department analysts think the payroll statistics from the survey of businesses provide a more accurate picture of the economy because the survey figures are based on a larger sample .
MessageLabs , which runs outsourced e-mail servers for 700,000 customers around the world , said it had filtered out 27,000 infected e-mails in 115 countries as of Thursday morning .
Shiite Muslims account for about a third of Quetta 's of 1.2 million people .
The number of passengers aboard was not known and may never be , since ferry operators rarely keep full passenger lists .
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix , by J.K. Rowling , Scholastic , 870 pages , $ 29.99 .
The Russell 2000 index , which tracks smaller company stocks , was up 1.02 , or 0.21 percent , at 496.83 .
The industry censor forbade the sexual innuendo contained in the play and would not allow the characters to sleep together .
The Nasdaq composite index fell 2.95 , or 0.2 percent , for the week to 1,912.36 after stumbling 37.78 yesterday .
The Nikkei average ended trading down 1.83 percent at 10,310.04 , a four-week low .
The nine largest airlines had $ 75.4 billion in revenue last year .
An amendment by Rep. Ellen Tauscher of California to create a special committee to investigate Iraq intelligence failures was rejected on procedural grounds .
Police spokesman Brig. Gen. Edward Aritonang confirmed Saturday that another two had been arrested , one in Jakarta and another in Magelang , Central Java .
A Trillian representative did not return an e-mail requesting comment .
" Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling ... against little or no competition , " Hubach said in the statement .
Naim al-Goud , mayor of Hit , said people from outside his region were ``doing this sabotage against the lines .
But JT was careful to clarify that it was " not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment . "
Since both companies described the talks as exclusive , it 's likely the two signed an agreement saying Dynegy wouldn 't talk to other suitors for a certain period of time .
Most of those on board were Lebanese but some were from Benin , Guinea and Sierra Leone .
Dynes will get $ 395,000 a year , an increase over Atkinson 's current salary of $ 361,400 .
Dotson was arrested Monday in his native Maryland and charged with murder .
Fourteen of those infected passengers sat within four seats of the SARS patient and two were flight attendants , said Mike Ryan , WHO 's global coordinator for anti-SARS efforts .
Its keywords are supported by Chinese language Web portals .
Only Intel Corp. has a lower dividend yield .
They were found in a stolen van , said James Flateau , a spokesman for the state Department of Correctional Services .
" Rendezvous has been a TIBCO mark for many years and is one of our flagship products , " said George Ahn , chief marketing officer , Tibco .
" We haven 't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line , but this is an experiment worth introducing , " said David Richardson , the ICC 's cricket manager .
" The United States welcomes a greater NATO role in Iraq 's stabilization , " Powell said .
They made a similar discovery in Houston on another aircraft , Dallas-based Southwest said in a statement .
The study was presented yesterday in Chicago at the annual meeting of the Radiological Society of North America .
Clark said the program would cost about $ 100 million a year and would be part of the Department of Homeland Security .
Derrick Todd Lee is helped from a plane in Baton Rouge , Wednesday .
Earlier this month , Bremer called off a visit here , a move officials privately linked to U.S. uncertainty about the Kurdish issue .
He was released on $ 3-million bail and immediately returned to Las Vegas , where he had been filming a video .
" The United States welcomes a greater NATO role in Iraq 's stabilisation , " Powell said , according to the text of prepared remarks seen by Reuters .
The couple was granted an annulment in September 2001 and Joanie Harper was given sole custody of Marques and Lyndsey , court records show .
In New York , $ 7,646 is spent annually on each Medicaid recipient , almost double the national average of $ 3,936 .
Cullen , 43 , is charged with murdering a Catholic clergyman and attempting to kill another patient at Somerset Medical Center .
A senior Administration official who briefed journalists on Friday said neither Mr Bush nor National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice read the estimate in its entirety .
October heating oil futures settled .85 cent lower at 69.89 cents a gallon .
A top aide to state Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver was charged Wednesday with raping an unidentified , 22-year-old female state Assembly employee .
A federal appeals court ruled Tuesday that the government was free to withhold the names of more than 700 people detained in the aftermath of Sept . 11 , 2001 .
It 's almost as if they ( Russians ) hit an x-mark on the ground , " NASA spokesman Robert Navias said .
While a month 's supply of aspirin can cost less than $ 10 , the equivalent amount of ticlopidine can run significantly more than $ 100 .
He said European governments " have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded , unscientific fears .
She insisted , though , that it not be published until after her death .
Smith said simply " Oh , my God , " in the seconds afterward , according to Weinshall .
The computers were located in the United States , Canada , and South Korea .
Tidmarsh will compete in today 's third round .
Officials at Mortazavi 's office and the judiciary declined to respond to Reuters ' requests for comment on the accusations .
Also in Mosul , rebel gunmen on Friday assassinated a Sunni Muslim tribal leader who backed the coalition .
In a letter sent to The Times and read to the Associated Press after his resignation , Blair blamed " personal issues " and apologized for his " lapse of journalistic integrity . "
Hannum was five and a half months pregnant when her mother died .
Instead , bond bulls focus on the fact the Fed has done nothing to dispel market expectations of an easing , either in speeches or through the press .
After 26 hours of surgery and a year of anticipation , the boys were separated Sunday at Children 's Medical Center of Dallas .
We can make life very difficult for terrorist elements , we can scatter them , we can cut off one head here and one tentacle there .
A new variant of Blaster also appeared Wednesday and seemed to be spreading , according to antivirus companies .
Associated Press Writer Curt Anderson at the Justice Department in Washington , D.C. , contributed to this story .
Senator Hill appeared completely unaware of the issue , which has been of serious concern to US , Australian and British intelligence officers .
The Lockheed Martin-built SIRTF is the last of NASA 's Hubble-class " Great Observatories . "
Medicaid is the federal and state government health insurance program for the poor .
All of those governments have said their support will not waver , though public sentiment is rising against it .
Researchers found that people 65 and older who had fish once a week had a 60 % lower risk of Alzheimer 's than those who never or rarely ate fish .
" In 1980 , 6 % of children aged six to 18 were overweight , " he said .
But the signal is designed to make it more difficult for consumers to then transfer those copies to the Internet and make them available to potentially millions of others .
Obviously , I 've made statements that are ludicrous and crazy and outrageous and all those things , because that 's the way I always was .
Andy Savage , who is representing Renee Britt , asked the jurors to " give her a fair shake .
The number of hostnames using BSD is nearing four million , while the number of active sites is nearly two million , Netcraft said .
Nelson had received a technical foul with 2 : 46 to go in the first quarter .
The Nets and the Spurs are crossing new frontiers of offensive ineptitude while causing their high-scoring American Basketball Association forefathers to cringe .
At his request , he will be reassigned within the district .
If requested by outside authorities , however , the FCC will provide data from system audit logs to support external investigations of improper Internet use .
Poland has finished assembling a 9,200-strong multinational stabilisation force it will command in central and southern Iraq , Defence Minister Jerzy Szmajdzinski said on Wednesday .
He also could be barred permanently from the securities industry .
" This will put a severe crimp in our reserves , " O 'Keefe said Friday during a roundtable discussion with reporters at NASA headquarters .
Before completion , the group will take surplus cash of 16.5m from TCG to reduce its net borrowings .
They did not nationalize them , " Manouchehr Takin , an analyst at the Center for Global Energy Studies in London , said .
SCC argued that Lexmark was trying to shield itself from competition by installing a chip on its toner cartridges to make it difficult for third-party manufacturers to make generic cartridges .
The vulnerability affects Windows NT 4.0 , NT 4.0 Terminal Services Edition , XP and 2000 , as well as Windows Server 2003 .
On average the students suffered at least one of the 13 symptoms between three and 11 times in the last year .
Qanbar said the council members would possibly elect a chairman later Sunday .
Still , Mauresmo has the confidence of having beaten Serena for the first time and also is buoyed by Venus Williams ' upset loss Sunday to Vera Zvonareva .
Even her request , decades later , to attend her father 's funeral on the island was denied .
In 2002 , for example , the Dow dropped more than 1,500 points , or 15.6 percent , between May and October , due largely to terrorism fears driven by headlines .
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC shed 23.45 points , or 1.44 percent , to end at 1,603.97 , based on the latest data .
A representative for Phoenix-based U-Haul declined to comment on the case before the judge 's opinion was released .
The government has chosen three companies to develop plans to protect commercial aircraft from shoulder-fired missile attacks , homeland security officials announced Tuesday .
The two other passengers were taken to John Peter Smith and Harris Methodist Fort Worth hospitals with critical injuries .
The crates are full of hardback copies of " Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix . "
They also are reshaping the retail business relationship elsewhere , as companies take away ideas and practices that change how they do business in their own firms and with others .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX eased 7.57 points , or 0.76 percent , at 990.94 .
He praised the work of the Rhodes Trust , saying that it was a Rhodes scholar at Oxford who first interested him in politics .
Hormone replacement therapy that combines estrogen and progestin doubles a woman 's risk of breast cancer , a British study of more than a million women has found .
The Legislature returns today for a special session and they 're expected to pass a compromise bill aimed at lowering doctors ' medical malpractice insurance rates .
She was physically ill several times on the day he died , she said .
Although they no longer get the glory , desktop PC exceeded IDC 's shipment expectations in the second quarter , Kay said .
Kelly said Mr Rumsfeld last month made the unsolicited suggestion that this year 's honour should go to all men and women who wear the US uniform .
" It ' ' s absurd , " Funny Cide 's trainer Barclay Tagg said .
Darren Dopp , a Spitzer spokesman , declined to comment late Thursday .
Costner plays Charlie Waite , a cowboy with a violent past .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC edged up 2.84 points , or 0.18 percent , at 1,593.59 .
Microsoft said Friday that it is halting development of future Macintosh versions of its Internet Explorer browser , citing competition from Apple Computer 's Safari browser .
They remain 40 percent below the levels prior to February 's initial overstatement news .
He was arrested less than two kilometres from where he allegedly kidnapped her after brutally beating her mother and brother .
Results from No. 2 U.S. soft drink maker PepsiCo Inc . ( nyse : PEP - news - people ) were likely to be in the spotlight .
By the time the two-term president left office in 1989 , the Navy had nearly 600 ships - about twice the ships it has today .
" Deviant cannibalistic tendencies " were the primary motivation for the murders , and Brown 's body was mutilated , authorities said .
The commission must work out the plan 's details , but the average residential customer paying $ 840 a year would get a savings of about $ 30 annually .
Shares of Mandalay closed down eight cents to $ 29.42 , before the earnings were announced .
We remain hopeful that the city will agree to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions on this issue . "
The service also features a " self-healing " option that can provide continuous access to critical applications .
NASA satellite images show that Arctic ice has been shrinking at the rate of nearly 10 percent a decade .
" We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the [ touch-screen ] machines for the 2004 presidential primary , " said Gilles W. Burger , State Board of Elections chairman .
He also noted Tom Siebel had turned in 26 million stock options valued at more than $ 50-million ( U.S. ) earlier this year .
Half of the women were given a daily dose of the drug and half took a placebo .
" This individual 's lawyers are trying to obtain from the court a free pass to download or upload music online illegally . "
He is temporarily serving as Chechnya 's acting president while his boss , Akhmad Kadyrov , is on the campaign trail .
Jacob has pushed consolidation for years , but he has said many communities , especially rural ones , have opposed it .
Asked about other possible attacks , Roberts said : " I don 't think there 's any question about it that . . . they 're going to be very global in nature .
The survey that found it covered only a narrow slice of the sky .
If the extra equity for the project cannot be found , AustMag directors will have to abandon the project in order to avoid trading while the company is insolvent .
He characterized the hostile bid as " atrociously bad behavior from a company with a history of atrociously bad behavior . "
Iraq 's economy was ravaged during years of U.N. sanctions over ex-president Saddam Hussein 's 1990 occupation of Kuwait and by the U.S.-led war to oust him which ended in April .
The center 's president , Joseph Torsella , was struck on the head but was able to walk to an ambulance .
Three such vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organiser , who identified himself only as " Eleonora67 ] , " to extend the contest until 8am ( AEST ) today .
The new link between Mohammed and Pearl was first reported in Tuesday 's editions of The Wall Street Journal .
Three Cubans were executed for hijacking a Cuban ferry a day later , and six Cubans face trial in Key West in December over a March plane hijacking .
Last month , 62 Spanish peacekeepers died when their plane crashed in Turkey as they were returning home .
" The reasons behind the increase in incidence are more complex and we are only just beginning to understand the risk factors , " he said .
In recent years , Mr. Hampton continued to run into trouble , facing charges of fare-beating and credit-card theft .
" Please , keep doing your homework , " said Bavelier , the mother of three .
While many likely now will quit – as millions of women already have – Soltes said she likely will continue to prescribe the supplements for relief of change-of-life symptoms .
The arrests came two days after Ken Livingstone , the London Mayor , claimed police and security services had foiled four terrorist attacks on the capital .
Bombardier and Embraer will each deliver 85 jets by September 2006 , U.S. Airways said in a release .
Neither immediately said his agency would appeal the decision , but many others following the case said an appeal was likely soon .
A former teammate , Carlton Dotson , has been charged with the murder .
Doris Brasher , who owns a grocery store near the police station , said many in the close-knit town knew the men who were killed .
Robert Stewart , a spokesman for Park Place , the parent company of Caesars Palace , said he was surprised by the court 's decision .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 Index slipped 3.14 points , or 0.29 percent , to 1,071.99 .
A total of 32 U.S. soldiers have been killed in attacks since May 1 , when President Bush declared the end of major hostilities in Iraq .
As a result , Murphy sought to substitute Strier 's sister , Ethel Celnik , as the trustee .
Last year , Congress passed similar , though less expensive , buyout legislation for peanut farmers to end that program , which also dated from the Depression .
On Sunday August 3 , the House of Deputies voted nearly 2-1 in favor of the Reverend Gene Robinson of New Hampshire .
The US on Tuesday assembled a coalition of more than a dozen countries to launch a World Trade Organisation case against the European Union 's ban on new genetically modified crops .
Al Qaeda , the terror network led by Saudi-born Osama bin Laden and blamed for the Sept . 11 , 2001 , attacks , has been linked to both cases .
She said she told O 'Donnell , " Your mother died of breast cancer .
A final decision on his fate , including the power of the death penalty , lay with President Bush .
Culturecom is confident it will make a significant impact on market share with this new development , " Frank Cheung , chairman of Culturecom , said in a statement .
The chief merchandising officer decides what the store is going to sell , giving it a signature to attract shoppers and hopefully lure them back .
Rumours swirled among market participants that Japan may have intervened overnight when the yen appreciated to 116 per dollar .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index < .IXIC > was up 7.42 points , or 0.45 percent , at 1,653.44 .
One , Fort Carson-based Sgt. Ernest Bucklew , 33 , was on his way home to attend his mother 's funeral in Pennsylvania , relatives said .
He urged member states that contribute police and soldiers to U.N. peacekeeping operations to provide more women .
Easynews Inc. was subpoenaed late last week by the FBI , which was seeking account information related to the uploading of the virus to the ISP 's Usenet news group server .
A view of the devastation left behind when a man drove his car through a crowded farmers market in Santa Monica on Wednesday .
BioReliance 's stock closed down 2 cents yesterday at $ 47.98 per share .
Initial autopsy reports show they died of dehydration , hyperthermia and suffocation .
In morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Coca-Cola shares were down 34 cents at $ 43.67 .
Maurice Greene advanced to the semifinals of the 100-meter dash at the World Track and Field Championships .
Metropolitan Ambulance spokesman James Howe said five people were taken to hospital and three were treated at the scene after yesterday 's incident .
Dealers said the single currency 's downward momentum may pick up speed should it break below $ 1.15 .
" I picked prostitutes as my victims because I hate most prostitutes and I did not want to pay them for sex . "
Cross-dressing teens from Harvey Milk High School offered sex for money in Greenwich Village and then robbed the would-be johns by pretending to be cops , sources said last night .
A judge ordered the child placed in state custody Aug. 8 .
The rats that consumed the tomato powder had a 26 percent lower risk of prostate cancer death than the control rats , researchers found .
A federal judge yesterday disconnected a new national " do-not-call " list , just days before it was to take effect , saying the agency that created it lacked the authority .
The company reported quarterly revenue of $ 388.1 million , compared with $ 318.5 million in the same period a year ago .
New legit download service launches with PC users in mind .
They also drafted a non-binding priorities list specifying that a quarter of it may be used to reduce planned 5 percent cuts in fees paid to health-care providers .
Glover said the killer used a " peculiar slipknot " on the ligature he used to strangle some of the victims .
" We don 't know at this point if the current investigation includes one or more outside contractors .
Despite their differences , U.S. and EU leaders said there were areas of agreement .
The bureau report shows significant increases in uninsured rates occurred among whites , blacks , people 18 to 24 , and middle- and higher-income earners nationwide .
The condition is associated with heart disease , chronic kidney disease , blindness , and amputations .
Community college students will see their tuition rise by $ 300 to $ 2,800 or 12 percent .
In that same time , the S & P and the Nasdaq have gained about 3.5 percent .
The Illinois Supreme Court dismissed the case .
Under the final tax bill , most dividends and capital gains would be taxed at 15 per cent until the end of 2008 .
Knox County Health Department is following national Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Protocol to contain infection .
They said many had been beaten , and police officers also stormed private wards at the hospital and harassed patients .
At least two dozen people were killed and scores injured .
The 30-year bond US30YT = RR rose 22 / 32 for a yield of 4.31 percent , versus 4.35 percent at Wednesday 's close .
The Globe reported that Smiledge hasn 't spoken with his son , Joseph Druce , in eight years .
In his female disguise , the real estate heir used the name Dorothy Ciner , a childhood friend .
It has been named Colymbosathon ecplecticos , which means " astounding swimmer with a large penis " .
The affidavit said British customs officials stopped al-Amoudi at Heathrow Airport last month when he was attempting to travel to Damascus , Syria .
" Based on that review , I have concluded that CEO & President Greg Parseghian and General Counsel Maud Mater should be replaced , " said Falcon in a statement .
Gilroy police and FBI agents described Gehring as cooperative , but said Saturday that he had revealed nothing about what had happened to the children .
On Monday , U.S. Army Pfc. Jessica Lynch was awarded the Bronze Star , Purple Heart and Prisoner of War medals at Walter Reed Army Medical Center .
In afternoon trading in Europe , France 's CAC-40 advanced and Britain 's FTSE 100 each gained 0.7 percent , while Germany 's DAX index rose 0.6 percent .
" Beginning ; early stages ; not life-threatening ; treatable , " he said at a news conference at the Capitol .
Foreigners board helicopters for evacuation from the European Union compound in Monrovia , Liberia , on Monday .
Lee Peterson testified that he reached his son on his cell phone and talked to him for a couple of minutes .
The San Jose-based company posted a net income of $ 64.2 million , or 27 cents per share , in the quarter ended May 30 .
" This deal makes sense for both companies , " Halla said in a prepared statement .
The agencies warn that the " insulation can sift through cracks in the ceiling , around light fixtures or around ceiling fans . "
Video replays suggested the ball had hit the ground before making contact with Sangakkara 's foot .
" Only 1pc of those taking the drug worldwide have contracted ILD as a result , " she said .
It is rare for a legal challenge to occur before a bill becomes law .
He made the same decree in June 2002 , but that measure was limited to the southern city of Arequipa amid fatal protests against the privatization of two power firms .
FBI agents arrested a former partner of Big Four accounting firm Ernst & Young ERNY.UL on criminal charges of obstructing federal investigations , U.S. officials said on Thursday .
PowderJect is roughly 20 percent owned by CEO Drayson , a high-profile UK businessman , and his family .
Mahmud controlled access to Saddam for everyone but immediate family members , Pentagon officials said .
Mr. Bloomberg later told reporters that the agreement " will be a compromise , like the real world requires . "
It was the first speech by a US president to a joint session of the Philippines Congress since 1960 .
However , official statistics published this week showed a surprise 0.6 per cent fall in manufacturing output in August .
Slow-moving , drenching Tropical Storm Henri doused an already soaked Florida Friday , bringing powerful storms which further tested already-swollen lakes and rivers .
Both companies automate many channels , though XM has some live programming , and Sirius airs live in-studio performances and interviews .
The fighting around Bunia began after neighboring Uganda completed the withdrawal of its more than 6,000 soldiers from the town .
ISC and NASCAR officials declined to comment .
No legislative action is final without concurrence of the House , and it appeared the measure faced a tougher road there .
Gartner raised its own worldwide PC shipment forecast in August to 8.9 per cent growth for 2003 , up from expectations of 7.2 per cent .
Prisoners were tortured and executed -- their ears and scalps severed for souvenirs .
He plans to have dinner with troops at Kosovo 's U.S. military headquarters , Camp Bondsteel .
The Iranian refugee who sewed up his eyes , lips and ears in protest at the handling of his asylum claim has won his fight to remain in Britain .
By comparison , the proportion of people with a BMI of 50 or above increased by a factor of five — from about 1 in 2,000 to one in 400 .
Attorney John Barnett , who represents Morse , showed photos of a scratch on Morse 's neck and the officer 's bloody ear .
Martha Stewart shares fell $ 2.03 , about 18 percent , to $ 9.17 and were the NYSE 's biggest percentage loser .
Drugs are up to 50 percent cheaper in Canada than the United States because of government price controls .
Gary Nicklaus , the 34-year-old son of Jack Nicklaus who is playing on a sponsor 's exemption , birdied five of his first nine holes before faltering to a 69 .
Nearly 2,000 pages of transcripts were ordered to be made public after a legal action by the New York Times .
Carlow and his group peddled drugs by forging paperwork showing the shipments ' prior owners .
Marc Garber , Whitley 's attorney , had a different view .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX climbed 10 points , or 1.10 percent , to 943 .
" Oh , it 's never fun to be No 4 , especially if you 've been No 1 before .
Romanian port authorities said two ships that sank during World War II had resurfaced as water levels fell and could block river traffic .
Intel Corp. narrowed its fourth-quarter sales estimate to the top end of earlier estimates Thursday , anticipating that customers will buy more personal computers during the key holiday season .
Swedish telecom equipment maker Ericsson ( nasdaq : QCOM - news - people ) scrambled up $ 2.19 , or almost 12 percent , to $ 20.59 .
They found molecules that can only be produced when ozone breaks down cholesterol .
The agency could not say when the tape was made , though the voice says he is speaking on June 14 .
" I feel confident saying that HP is no longer an integration story , " Fiorina said .
" The momentum in the marketplace continues to shift in our direction , " he said of his company , formerly named Caldera Systems .
The shooting happened at 5 : 30 a.m. in the living room of the home the extended family shared on the city 's westside .
Police spokesman Brigadier-General Edward Aritonang confirmed that another two men had been arrested yesterday , one in Jakarta and another in Magelang in central Java .
Intel ’ s Xeon surpassed HP ’ s PA-RISC to become the most often used processor , rising from 76 systems in June to 152 systems in November .
Law enforcement sources who spoke on condition of anonymity confirmed to The Associated Press that Limbaugh was being investigated by the Palm Beach County state attorney 's office .
The group criticizing Schwarzenegger , the League of United Latin American Citizens , said the Austrian-born actor 's advisory board position brings into question his commitment to Latinos .
The redesigned Finder also features search , coloured labels for customized organization of documents and projects and dynamic browsing of the network for Mac , Windows and UNIX file servers .
That ought to be the standard — not how many people sign up , " he said .
In trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Kraft shares fell 25 cents to close at $ 32.30 .
The fight about online music sales was disclosed in documents filed last week with the judge and made available by the court Monday .
That 's the highest third-quarter growth rate we 've seen in over 25 years , " said Andy Bryant , Intel 's chief financial officer .
That compares with a profit of $ 1 million , or breakeven , on $ 1.39 billion in revenue during the same period last year .
" We do not want to stand by and let a credit card lynching take place , " declared Rep. Major Owens ( D-Brooklyn ) .
There are no suspects in the shooting , which took place around 9 : 15 p.m. on Wednesday at East 126th Street and Fifth Avenue , the police said .
That compares with earnings of $ 446 million , or 7 cents per share , on revenue of $ 6.3 billion in the same period a year ago .
Sen. Charles Schumer , D-N.Y. , sent a letter to President Bush Wednesday demanding action on the legislation .
ICANN has criticised the changes and asked VeriSign to voluntarily suspend them .
Downer originally said the 14 Kurds had not asked to be considered as refugees when they arrived in a boat off Melville Island last week .
The Nasdaq Composite increased by 40.09 points , or 2.5 per cent , to 1666.58 .
Likewise , the 30-year bond < US30YT = RR > slid 1-11 / 32 for a yield of 4.38 percent , up from 4.30 percent .
Both bidders agreed to assume about $ 90 million in debt owed on the planes .
The unemployment rate rose a tenth of a percentage point to 6.1 % , the highest level since July 1994 .
It marked the fourth straight week and the ninth time this year that rates on this benchmark mortgage fell to an all-time weekly low .
" For customers to get the most of the Internet , several factors are crucial , " Pierre Danon , CEO of BT 's retail unit .
Nvidia shares lost 58 cents ( U.S. ) or 3.46 per cent to $ 16.20 yesterday on the Nasdaq Stock Market .
Mr. Soros branded Mr. Snow 's policy shift a " mistake . "
And yes , Marilyn Monroe is definitely part of the story , titled " Arthur Miller , Elia Kazan and the Blacklist : None Without Sin . "
July Brent rose 31 cents to $ 28.39 per barrel on London 's International Petroleum Exchange .
It names Shelley , Los Angeles County Registrar of Voters Conny McCormack , and registrars in Orange and San Diego counties as defendants .
" Germany is on the right path , " Mr. Schrder said , specifying his government 's announced structural reform plan , known as Agenda 2010 , and cuts in taxes .
Attackers detonated a second roadside bomb later Sunday as a U.S. convoy was traveling near Fallujah , killing an American soldier and wounding three others .
On Hebert 's body were his wallet , driver license and cell phone , its batteries drained , Tracy said .
He faces up to 10 years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine if convicted .
U.N. inspectors found traces of highly enriched , weapons-grade uranium at an Iranian nuclear facility , a report by the U.N. nuclear agency says .
Justices said that the Constitution allows the government to administer drugs only " in limited circumstances . "
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC declined 25.78 points , or 1.56 percent , to 1,627.84 .
Australia 's view on Zimbabwe " will not be changing , irrespective of the views of other countries , " he said .
In late morning trading , the Dow was up 13.88 , or 0.2 percent , at 9,002.93 , having shed 2.3 percent last week .
Recall proponents claim to have turned in more than 1.6 million signatures .
Additionally , the new Server Admin tool is intended to make it easy for system administrators to set up , manage and monitor the services built into Panther Server .
That objection was cited by PeopleSoft 's board in rejecting Oracle 's offer .
In case the company does not turn in the reports before the end of May , it is likely to be delisted , an SFC official said .
" Landing on an aircraft carrier doesn 't make up for the loss of 2.5 million jobs in America , " said the senator , a much-decorated Vietnam War veteran .
The S & P 500 finished 13.78 points higher at 930.08 , or 1.5 per cent , the highest level since January 14 .
Excluding autos , retail sales rose by 0.3 % in September , lower than a forecast rise of 0.5 % .
Defense lawyers had said a change of venue was needed because massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client .
Fletcher will not do that , said his campaign manager , Daniel Groves .
" We have some small opportunities in November and maybe January , " Mr. Parsons said optimistically .
Treatment guidelines , many written by medical-specialty organizations , recommend approaches to many ailments , such as painkillers and exercise for arthritis .
If Poland , Spain and Germany were prepared to make concessions in Brussels , the basis for a deal could be found .
He said there were complex reasons for the increased numbers of cases and scientists were only just beginning to understand the risk factors .
Stack said he did no work for Triumph until 1999 , when a grand jury began investigating Silvester .
The giant rock was first observed on August 24 by Lincoln Near-Earth Asteroid Research Program , based in Socorro , New Mexico .
Two of Collins ' top assistants will consult with state police during the investigation and determine if any federal laws were violated , he said Friday .
The rovers act as robotic geologists , moving on six wheels .
Less than 20 percent of Boise 's sales would come from making lumber and paper after the OfficeMax purchase is complete , assuming those businesses aren 't sold .
Spider-Man , rated PG-13 , snatched $ 114.7 million in its first weekend and went on to take in $ 403.7 million .
The year-ago numbers do not include figures from Compaq Computer .
Solomon 5.5 is now available in the U.S. and Canada through Microsoft Business Solutions resellers .
Several children , including the 8-year-old , went down to the water 's edge to play in the surf .
GM is also expected to issue $ 3.5 billion via a convertible bond offering , market sources said .
Those who ejaculated more than five times a week were a third less likely to develop serious prostate cancer in later life .
The original report had concluded that ' ' climate change has global consequences for human health and the environment , ' ' according to an internal EPA memo .
Drug developer Inspire Pharmaceuticals Inc . ( nasdaq : ISPH - news - people ) tumbled $ 2.17 , or 13.4 percent , to $ 13.98 .
" This sale is part of our efforts to simplify our Foodservice Products business and improve its cost structure , " chairman and CEO Gary Costley said in a statement .
He has said he plans to urge Chinese officials during the G20 meeting to move more quickly to adopt a more flexible currency system .
The United States has repeatedly accused Iran of trying to develop nuclear weapons .
Gov. Rick Perry opposes expansion of gambling but has said he would be " hard-pressed " to veto the lottery sunset bill .
With Smithfields leadership , Farmland Foods will succeed and continue to sustain the Midwestern communities which depend on it .
Beta versions of Nterprise Linux Services are expected to be available on certain HP ProLiant servers in July .
Boston College , Miami and Syracuse are considering leaving the Big East for the Atlantic Coast Conference by the end of the month .
Weber said late Thursday that the company is still trying to understand the scope and details of the investigation .
The English star was expected to be discharged from the hospital soon , said Jackie Green , a spokeswoman for the show 's press agent .
" They ransacked and burned the two villages completely , " rebel commander Ousmane Coulibaly told Reuters by satellite phone from the bush .
Gates says he wants to see " independent e-mail trust authorities " who " establish and maintain commercial email guidelines , certify senders who follow the guidelines , and resolve customer disputes . "
Though the legal age for marriage in Romania is 18 , the country generally tolerates the tradition of arranged child weddings among Roma , as Gypsies are also known .
Ruffner , 45 , does not have a lawyer on the murder charge , authorities said .
Nancy Reagan issued a statement last week to the Fox News Channel saying , " The timing of [ the miniseries ] is absolutely staggering to me .
She was arraigned on three counts of second-degree murder and ordered held without bail in Sullivan County Jail .
Called " Taxpayers Against the Recall , " it was to be launched Wednesday afternoon outside a Sacramento fire station .
The Commerce Department imposed a 44.71 percent tariff on dynamic random access memory semiconductors , or DRAMS , made by Hynix Semiconductor Inc .
He urged employees to " avoid complacency " and to " change old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual . "
Although Republicans now hold every statewide office , the state 's congressional delegation comprises 17 Democrats and 15 Republicans .
But its most popular comedy , Friends , will sign off after a two-hour finale next May .
As of this week , 103 human West Nile cases in 45 counties had been reported to the health department .
When the manager let him in the apartment , Brianna was in her mother 's bedroom lying in a baby 's bathtub , covered with a towel and watching cartoons .
Dwight Watson , 50 , was convicted of making a false threat to detonate explosives and of destroying federal property .
A passer-by found the boy hiding along a dirt road in Spanish Fork Canyon about 7 p.m. Thursday , with his feet free but his hands still taped .
The singer has been on a ventilator since the crash at his Buckinghamshire estate on Monday , with his condition last night described as “ stable and comfortable ” .
Quattrone , 47 , is charged with obstruction of justice and witness tampering .
In Taiwan , officials handed out free thermometers in an island-wide ``take-your-temperature ' ' campaign amid signs containment efforts were paying off .
Experts say the delay will give Luna his best chance of reuniting with " L " Pod , his family , Thibault said .
The official would not name the leakers for the record and would not name the journalists .
" However , the report also tells us that once the problem grew to a certain magnitude , nothing could have been done to prevent it from cascading out of control . "
" I am excited to be fighting in Los Angeles and on HBO , " Klitschko said .
Dancing was the only physical activity associated with a lower risk of dementia .
On April 11 , Mayor Bart Peterson conceded that the facility 's fate was inevitable , quashing the hopes of the airline 's 1,500 local workers , including 1,100 mechanics .
Since surfacing late Monday , Sobig.F has been crippling corporate e-mail networks and filling home users ' inboxes with a glut of messages .
PeopleSoft shares were up 4 cents at $ 16.96 in late morning trade on the Nasdaq .
Friends of Animals , which touts 200,000 members , was behind a successful tourism boycott that resulted in then-Gov . Walter J. Hickel imposing a moratorium on wolf control in 1992 .
In 1998 , a 33-year-old man died after he was struck by a metal cleat at the Columbia ship attraction .
The fire has so far charred 11,400 acres on Mount Lemmon just north of Tucson , and more than 250 homes have been destroyed .
An experimental drug can slow the loss of vision caused by a maddening eye disease that is the leading cause of blindness among the elderly , doctors reported on Saturday .
" There are defining moments for players and organizations where you are measured .
Gov. Bob Holden asked Bush to declare 39 Missouri counties disaster areas .
Ride will be enshrined along with astronauts Story Musgrave , Robert " Hoot " Gibson and Daniel Brandenstein .
Republican National Committee Chairman Ed Gillespie issued a letter Friday to CBS Television President Leslie Moonves .
It also features Nvidia 's own PowerMizer power management system .
He added that prosecutors will seek the death penalty .
Officer Evans had declined written and telephone requests for an interview .
There were 659 women enrolled at the academy at the time of the survey .
And if that ain 't a Democrat , then I must be in the wrong meeting , " he said to thunderous applause from his supporters .
" United is continuing to deliver major cost reductions and is now coupling that effort with significant unit revenue improvement , " he said .
" I think the longer the series goes , the more chance Dirk has to play , " Nelson said .
Two other bodies were recovered on Friday from a campground in nearby Devore , where a wall of mud destroyed 32 trailers .
Nokia 's market share for the second quarter is estimated to be higher than the first quarter , 2003 . "
The health ministers also announced plans for healthy living and tobacco control strategies .
Bare Metal Restore 4.6 will be available in mid-June , said Veritas , and will cost $ 900 per Windows client and $ 1,000 per Unix client .
Each boy weighed less than 50 pounds when they were removed from the home Oct. 10 .
The FCC said that it won 't request personal identifying information before allowing people to access the wireless network .
This year , Peninsula health officials got the money to hire part-time water samplers and purchase testing equipment thanks to a $ 282,355 grant from the Environmental Protection Agency .
Since Perkins arrived at UConn in 1990 from Maryland , the Huskies have fielded six national championship teams in three sports -- men 's basketball , women 's basketball and men 's soccer .
" He is the first and only cloned sterile hybrid . "
Tickets , available through Ticketmaster , went on sale yesterday .
" [ They ] were defined by dedication and courage , " said the CIA 's director George Tenet .
Southwest said it recently exercised remaining options for the delivery of nine Boeing 737-700s next year .
A similar Florida straw poll in 1991 brought attention to Bill Clinton , according to Democrats .
In 1995 , Schwarzenegger expanded the program nationwide to 15 cities , serving 200,000 children , most of whom come from housing projects or homeless shelters .
North American markets grabbed early gains Monday morning , as earnings season begins to slow and economic indicators take the spotlight .
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman , who announced yesterday 's ban , also said Washington would send a technical team to Canada to assist in the Canadian situation .
The euro soared to $ 1.1914 in Asian trading , before slipping back to $ 1.1884 in late European trading , up from $ 1.1857 late Monday .
A Competition Commission inquiry last month has already excluded larger rivals Tesco , Asda and J Sainsbury from the bid race .
He said the court 's ruling was a great first step toward better coverage for poor Maine residents , but that there was more to be done .
The industry came under renewed scrutiny recently with the launch by New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer of an investigation of illegal trading in mutual fund shares .
The law does not regulate how much individuals can contribute to their own campaigns , a decided advantage for millionaires such as Schwarzenegger and Ueberroth .
A U.S. appeals court in New York reinstated perjury charges against a Grossmont College student accused of lying about his knowledge of two of the Sept . 11 hijackers .
U.S. District Judge Lee R. West ruled Tuesday in Oklahoma City that the FTC lacks authority to run the registry .
The 21-year-old eagle , found by a zookeeper early Thursday , had severe puncture wounds to his abdomen and back , spokeswoman Julie Mason said .
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI tacked on 97 points , or 1.14 percent , to 8,699 .
At the center of the petition is a 6000 series aluminum alloy rolled plate that is used for general-purpose engineering , tooling and die applications .
Whether or not we get to the two-thirds , we 're going to have the lion 's share of union support . "
He said the local organized crime police were investigating a suspect , but he would not say if it was Ciobanu .
Mr. Caramore said the district waited for the subpoenas and planned to cooperate with the investigation .
Two Japanese diplomats were also killed in an ambush near Tikrit , according to the Japanese Foreign Ministry .
In a statement issued by his solicitors , Mr Hadley said : " I am absolutely delighted with the outcome of proceedings .
The offer is also subject to Goldman signing an agreement with Drax 's senior banks , senior bond holders and hedging banks by Sept . 30 , it said .
The legislation , approved 12-3 by the House Commerce Committee , may allow Bloomfield Hills-based Taubman Centers Inc. to fend off a takeover attempt by Indianapolis-based Simon Property Group Inc .
Gerry Kiely , a EU agriculture representative in Washington , said EU ministers were invited but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform .
NASCAR will get an estimated $ 75 million a year in cash and promotional concessions .
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average < .DJI > slipped 44.32 points , or 0.48 percent , to 9,240.25 .
The state House on Thursday approved legislation intended to clarify Michigan 's corporate takeover law .
Authorities and Baylor officials say Dennehy , 21 , hasn 't been heard from in more than two weeks .
But he urged the delegates who elected him to be " kind and sensitive and gentle " to believers who " will not understand what you 've done here today . "
He was taken to Hammersmith hospital , where doctors regulated Blair 's heart beat via electric shock in a procedure called " cardio-version " .
Media moguls jostled for position as the deadline for bids for Vivendi Universal 's U.S. entertainment empire neared on Monday in an auction of some of Hollywood 's best-known assets .
The suspects were charged with racketeering , conspiracy , organized fraud , grand theft and illegal drug sales , all felonies carrying penalties of five to 30 years in prison .
Sweeney is to formally announce the campaign in a speech Wednesday in Detroit .
Schools that don 't meet the testing goals for two years in a row must offer transfers .
The governor said the use of the credit card was a mistake , and has since reimbursed the party for the expense .
Added to savings on the dividend , C & W 's estimated lease commitments , one hurdle to its U.S. escape , fell by 600 million pounds to 1.6 billion .
Wyeth estimates that 1,2 million women are still taking Prempro pills , down from about 3,4 million before the WHI study was halted last year .
The Metropolitan Transportation Authority , which plans to appeal , was given until May 28 to restore the old subway and bus fare and the old commuter railroad rates .
Net income was 12 cents a share , compared with a net loss of $ 35 million , or 20 cents , a year earlier .
Another brother , Ali Imron , received a life sentence after he cooperated with the authorities and expressed remorse .
There were fears that Heather would never have children after suffering two ectopic pregnancies and cancer of the uterus .
Also arrested Friday was Claudia Carrizales de Villa , 34 , a citizen of Mexico residing in the border city of Harlingen , Texas .
At 10 p.m. Thursday , Odette was about 295 miles south-southeast of Kingston , Jamaica and about 900 miles south-southeast of Palm Beach .
Scientists reported a 90 percent decline in large predatory fish in the world 's oceans since a half-century ago , a dire assessment that drew immediate skepticism from commercial fishers .
The Democratic Republic of Congo 's war began in 1998 when Uganda and Rwanda invaded together to back rebels trying to topple Kinshasa .
The show 's creator and executive producer , Phil Rosenthal , quipped in a statement : " We had a big contract negotiation .
" Monsignor Grass ... while manifestly repentant , admitted that the allegations were true , " the statement said .
According to an arrest warrant released Tuesday , Dotson admitted to FBI agents that he shot Dennehy in the head " because Patrick had tried to shoot him . "
Fidelity Investments has received a subpoena from New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer , who is investigating charges of market-timing and late-day trading in the mutual fund industry .
The $ 22 million deal , announced Thursday , is also the largest land conservation transaction in Hawaii history .
" I wanted to bring the most beautiful people into the most beautiful building , " Tunick said Sunday .
Eddington is to meet the other two unions separately later on Monday .
Max Guarino , 17 , was found April 25 in the water off City Island .
Canada has just decided to legalize same-sex marriage , and they have high hope that Massachusetts ' high court will take a similar step within a few weeks .
Attorneys for both the archdiocese and the plaintiffs began meeting last week to reach the out-of-court settlement .
In morning trading , the Dow Jones industrial average was up 121.51 , or 1.4 percent , at 8,832.69 .
For instance , the core Java Enterprise System will cost $ 100 per employee in the US .
Companies are working with the FDA and academics " to try and get some firm answers and not just speculation , " Jarman said .
Under Maine Rx , which state lawmakers approved in 2000 , Maine would act as a " pharmacy benefit manager " to lower the cost of prescription drugs .
Arison said Mann was a pioneer of the world music movement -- well before the term was coined -- and he had a deep love of Brazilian music .
" The evidence accumulated over the intermeeting period confirms that spending is firming , although the labor market has been weakening .
Outside the court , Sriyanto denied to The Age that he had done anything wrong .
Since sinking to 2003 lows in early March , the Dow Jones industrial average has rallied 13.8 % .
On average the students suffered at least one of the 13 symptoms between three and 11 times in the last year .
It will continue its regional service for Delta Air Lines DAL.N , Atlantic Coast said .
Ahold 's U.S. shares rose 52 cents , or 9 percent , to $ 6.30 .
Drewes and his friend were pulling a mischievous , late-night game of " ding-dong-ditch " knocking on doors or ringing doorbells and running in the Woodbury neighborhood in suburban Boca Raton .
The new application intelligence features will be available June 3 and are included with the SmartDefense product , which comes with FireWall-1 .
Early voting will run weekdays from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. through Sept . 9 .
Earlier this year , Intel invested $ 123 million in Elpida Memory over two funding rounds , Mulloy said .
This represents an additional 23 cases of dementia per year in every 10,000 women treated .
There are just a handful of Catholics left in Banja Luka .
Coupling , an American version of a hit British comedy , will couple with Friends on Thursdays .
According to the State Department list , about 25 nations have signed bilateral agreements in the past four months , about half in the past three weeks .
Egypt , Mongolia , the Seychelles , Tunisia and at least three other governments have signed unpublicized agreements .
The WHO said in a report on Wednesday that most resistant bacteria growth among humans was not due to farmers , but to overuse of antibiotics by doctors .
Sony Music 's portfolio of products and services currently enable carriers to offer subscribers the ability to download images , ring tones , music videos and other entertainment services .
WebTV was sold to Microsoft in 1997 for $ 425 million and today is called MSN TV .
At first blush , then , the creators of the registry would seem to have drawn the line between exempted and banned calls in the right place .
The product will be targeted at companies that need to create , publish , manage and archive web-based content within a corporate intranet , extranet and internet environment .
A 32-year-old mother of two is suspected of drowning her children in a bathtub before slashing her wrists in an unsuccessful suicide attempt , police said .
Prices had pulled back from offshore highs when the Empire State survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in June , a record high , from 10.6 in May .
The group has the support of about 215 churches and an estimated 25 bishops .
" The Congress of the United States has never — ever — outlawed a medical procedure , " said Rep. Louise McIntosh Slaughter ( D-N.Y. ) .
The government wanted to revive talks with the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam ( LTTE ) to discuss the interim structure .
NASCAR officials could not be reached for comment Tuesday .
The changed national ownership limit allows a company to own TV stations reaching 45 percent of U.S. households instead of 35 percent .
An amendment to remove such protections failed by a vote of 186 to 237 .
Blair has said there is not ``a shred of truth ' ' in allegations that the government manipulated evidence about Iraq 's weapons programs .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX was down 0.04 points , or 0 percent , at 971.52 .
On Wall Street , the Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 0.5 per cent at 9,905.8 and the Nasdaq Composite added 0.7 per cent at 1,995.1 .
The unions also staged a five-day strike in March ; strikes have preceded eight of the last 10 contracts .
Shares of LendingTree rose $ 6.03 , or 41 percent , to close at $ 20.72 on the Nasdaq stock market yesterday .
An attempt to keep the fund open for another year fell flat in the Senate last month .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC dipped 0.08 of a point to 1,646 .
The state previously conducted two triple executions and two double executions , a practice it says is intended to reduce stress on the prison staff .
He has credited Dr. Evans with helping to inspire the idea of federal financing for faith-based programs .
Athough Prempro pills were used in the study , the researchers say they have no evidence that other brands are safer .
Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Alexander Losyukov said in Moscow Tuesday a firm date would be fixed by this months end .
Right now it looks to me like it 's going to be manageable , " he said .
Other data showed sales of existing and new homes grew at a robust pace in April , spurred by low mortgage rates .
Police have arrested a " potential suspect " in the abduction of 9-year-old Jennette Tamayo , San Jose Police Chief William Lansdowne said Monday .
On Wednesday , Judge Pollack dismissed a similar class-action lawsuit filed by investors who lost money in Merrill 's Global Technology fund .
All the fund companies have said they are cooperating with Spitzer 's probe .
In the first quarter of 2003 , AMD reported a net loss of $ 146 million , or 42 cents per share , on sales of $ 715 million .
Lucent 's stock was up a penny at $ 2.22 in heavy trading on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday afternoon .
The equivalent of 75,000 55-gallon barrels of transuranic and low-level radioactive waste , some of it mixed with hazardous chemicals , is buried at Hanford .
He spoke in Manhattan 's State Supreme Court , where O 'Donnell and G + J sued each other for breach of contract .
DUBAI , SEPTEMBER 23 : The world economic leaders hailed on Tuesday signs of a global revival but agreed it had to be handled with care to prevent any setback .
Mike Austreng , the editor of the weekly Cold Spring Record , said he saw one wounded person airlifted from the school and another taken away by ambulance .
We will keep fighting , within the law , against the terrorist band . "
The plan is expected be disclosed Monday morning at Tech Ed 2003 during a keynote by Paul Flessner , senior vice president of Microsoft 's Server Platform Division .
One of those infected reported having recent contact with exotic animals there .
" This case is wholly without merit , both factually and legally , " Chin said .
The Bank of England starts a two-day policy meeting on Wednesday and is expected to leave British interest rates steady at 3.75 percent on Thursday .
The defeat for suspended Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore was expected .
The president began his speech by acknowledging the terrorist attacks in Saudi Arabia that killed at least 29 people , including seven Americans .
With 4.7 million people infected with HIV or AIDS , South Africa has the world 's highest AIDS caseload .
Tuesday ’ s testimony is to give an inside look at tax-shelter development and marketing .
Senate passage of the Medicare bill is almost certain Monday .
Investigators conducted DNA tests on the stains and ran the results through a national database last month .
Staff writers Brandon Formby and Colleen McCain Nelson contributed to this report .
Axelrod died in his sleep of heart failure , said his daughter , Nina Axelrod .
" In return we expect North Korea to give up nuclear weapons . "
" Realizing this , the pilot changed course and diverted to Kennedy , which has longer runways . "
Those that choose the handset option must have 95 percent of their customers using the technology by the end of 2005 .
They were not supplied or given to us , but unearthed by our reporter " in Iraq 's foreign ministry , he said .
And when butterflies were exposed to constant light , they flew directly toward the sun , apparently having lost their sense of time .
But 62 % of Catholics live in Africa , Asia and Latin America .
Coca-Cola Co . ( KO ) reported higher profit for the quarter , helped by European demand , early on Thursday .
Shares of Express Scripts ESRX.O fell about 4 percent to $ 66.73 on the Nasdaq in late morning trade .
She was bitten on the back and scratched on the leg , her mother said .
The Nasdaq Composite Index lost 16.95 , or 1.1 percent , to 1507.76 , its first slide in five days .
" It appears that the machine was cracked using a ptrace exploit by a local user immediately after the exploit was posted , " it added .
Parson faces one federal count of intentionally causing damage to a protected computer .
Grieson said both of her knees were swollen for days and that she still has scars on her legs from the incident .
No charges have been filed in those deaths , but prosecutor David Lupas said authorities were making progress in the case .
Haemochromatosis is a disorder in which people absorb excessive amounts of iron which can lead to organ damage .
Iowa State athletic director Bruce Van de Velde would not confirm an offer was made to Lebo .
Lamo had told reporters he would surrender to the FBI on the federal courthouse steps in Sacramento on Friday , but he didn 't show up .
Westfield also will continue discussions over the other co-owned centres , such as Knox City in Melbourne , where Deutsche Bank owns a 50 per cent stake .
The Intel C + + Compiler for Platform Builder for Microsoft Windows CE.Net is available for $ 1,499 and is intended for use by device manufacturers and systems integrators .
If a company won 't do so , its drugs could be prescribed to Medicaid patients only with the state 's say-so .
No charges have been filed in those deaths , but Luzerne County District Attorney David Lupas said authorities were " continuing to make significant progress " in the case .
Other nations involved in the PSI include Germany , Italy , the Netherlands , Poland , Portugal , Spain and Britain .
State officials estimated the cost at nearly $ 2 billion .
The broad Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX gained 11.22 points , or 1.13 percent , at 1,007.19 .
Roberts said he didn 't think excess inventory showed up in Avery 's March quarter , although it could explain the drop and quick recovery in sales during the current quarter .
Britain has said it wants to haggle over articles of the draft calling for closer coordination of tax and economic policy .
Only a big surge in consumer confidence has interrupted the bleak economic news .
In Damascus , the Syrian Information Minister , Ahmed al-Hassan , dismissed the claim .
The California Farm Bureau did not immediately have an official response to Tuesday 's ruling .
Hovan , a resident of Trumbull , Conn . , had worked as a bus driver since 1967 and had no prior criminal record .
The Fijian military installed an all-indigenous government led by Mr Qarase , who won democratic elections in September 2001 .
PeopleSoft Inc . ' s board of directors voted unanimously on Friday to recommend that stockholders reject Oracle 's upgraded bid for a hostile takeover .
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite .IXIC rallied 30.46 points , or 2.04 percent , to 1,520.15 .
It has also been revealed that the boy ’ s family has launched two other abuse-related lawsuits in the past , winning a £ 90,000 settlement in one case .
The letter said staff was told to never speak of the incident .
Excluding litigation charges it made a profit of $ 7.8 million , or 10 cents a share .
With the government grant added in , the airline earned $ 246 million , or 30 cents a share .
The United Nations has about 700 troops on the ground , but they have neither the mandate nor the manpower to stop the fighting .
Despite such optimism , Taiwan 's SARS crisis threatened to whirl out of control in the last week of May .
Mr Truss said he made " no apologies " the negotiations had been undertaken in secret .
Sammy Sosa was suspended for eight games by major league baseball Friday for using a corked bat , and he immediately appealed the decision .
In addition , Hambali laments , " all the group 's savings have been lost to raids and arrests , " and " JI is now totally dependent on al-Qaeda for money . "
The no-shows were Sens. John Kerry of Massachusetts and Bob Graham of Florida .
" We 're optimistic we can deliver the vaccine to these people in time to do good , " said Dr. David Fleming , the CDC 's deputy director for Public Health and Science .
Sutherland , 65 , was a co-founder of Evans & Sutherland , an early maker of high-performance computers .
" This deal makes sense for both companies , " Halla said in a prepared statement .
On-demand movie distribution will generate $ 1.4 billion by 2005 , and revenue from DVDs and tapes will decline 8 percent , Forrester predicted .
General Motors Corp. posted the best-ever improvement in 2000 at 8.4 percent .
Associated Press Writer Michael Gormley contributed to this report from Albany .
" It is clear that the free world , those who love freedom and peace , must deal harshly with Hamas and the killers , " he said .
" The lives of American war-fighters can be placed at direct risk through illegal transfer of military components , " Joseph Schmitz , Defence Department inspector general , said .
Tikrit is Saddam Hussein 's hometown and the region around it is known as a hotbed of Baath Party supporters and former high-ranking Iraqi military officials .
Their worst-case scenario is the accidental deletion or malicious falsification of ballots from the 1.42 million Californians voting electronically - 9.3 percent of the state 's 15.3 million registered voters .
Still , Singapore quarantined 70 people who had been in close contact with the scientist .
None of Dean 's opponents picked him as someone to party with and Dean was not asked the question .
The head of the panel , former Rep. Tillie Fowler of Florida , told present and past commanders that cadets don 't trust them .
" This new division will be focused on the vitally important task of protecting the nation 's cyberassets so that we may best protect the nation 's critical infrastructure assets , " he added .
This report was cleared by the Joint Intelligence Committee .
" The fact is , this was a program that was built for concealment .
Linux company SuSE was today acquired by Novell in a $ 210 million all-cash deal .
The Cubans were spotted by a Coast Guard jet around 2 p.m. Tuesday and two vessels were sent out to the area , Petty Officer Ryan Doss said .
By 2040 , retirees will account for a third of the population , up from a fifth today .
The broad Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX was up 8.79 points , or 0.96 percent , at 929.06 .
Mattel shares were down 1.5 percent in early afternoon trading on the New York Stock Exchange .
Water samples are being sent to the state health department for analysis .
Khatami , who arrived in Beirut Monday , was also to visit Syria , Yemen and Bahrain .
O 'Connor wrote , " We expect that 25 years from now , the use of racial preferences will no longer be necessary . "
He said eight or nine homes had been destroyed by the now-smoldering fire northwest of Boulder .
Greenspan told Congress on Tuesday the U.S. economy " could very well be embarking on a period of sustained growth " .
Only Intel Corp. ' s 0.3 percent yield was lower .
The Supreme Court said Monday the government can require public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters , rejecting librarians ' complaints that the law amounts to censorship .
The company had announced in January that it would have to restate earnings for 2002 , 2001 and perhaps 2000 .
Our " spiritual enemy , " Boykin continued , " will only be defeated if we come against them in the name of Jesus . "
The appetizer devoured , Annika Sorenstam moves on to the entree this week at the McDonald 's LPGA Championship .
The transaction will expand Callebaut 's sales revenues from its consumer products business to 45 percent from 23 percent .
" There must be more on the horizon than simply winning a war against terrorism , " namely , a " promise of a better and fairer world . "
The Emeryville-based toy company filed suit Friday claiming Fisher-Price is violating its 1998 patent on interactive-learning books for toddlers and preschoolers .
At the United Nations , the United States and Britain are seeking backing for their agenda to hand over power to Iraqis .
In interviews with numerous engineers , most of whom have not spoken publicly until now , the lines of discord between NASA 's engineers and managers stand out in stark relief .
A Stage 1 episode is declared when ozone levels reach 0.20 parts per million .
Coca-Cola announced Friday morning that the U.S. Attorney 's office in Atlanta has started an inquiry .
Government sources said Mr Howard urged the US to provide clear rules governing any potential trials .
But he added that De Niro is " a private person and doesn 't care to have his treatment out for public consumption . "
At 1800 GMT , the Federal Reserve issues its Beige Book summary of U.S. economic conditions .
Assessment of current business conditions improved substantially , the Conference Board said , jumping to 55 from 40 in the first quarter .
Roberts said on Fox News Sunday that said his committee was briefed about a week ago about the likelihood of an attack in Saudi Arabia .
The Democratic Republic of Congo 's war began in 1998 when Uganda and Rwanda invaded together to back rebels trying to topple Kinshasa .
Under the agreement , Solutia will pay $ 50 million and Monsanto will pay $ 390 million .
Mr. Geoghan was taken to the University of Massachusetts Memorial Health Alliance Hospital in Leominster , Mass . , where he died at 1 : 17 p.m.
Shares of other mortgage lenders and home construction companies also fell .
That season , the Rams finished the regular season ranked 11th and were a No. 2 seed in the NCAA tournament .
They went into the operation on their own free will , ' Reuters quoted their father , Mr Dadollah Bijani , as saying .
On Monday , a suicide car bomber blew himself up close to the United Nations compound in Baghdad , also killing a security guard .
" It 's a wonder that Porchia was the only deceased in this case , " Sax added .
Prosecutors have declined to take criminal action against corrections officers , although Fine said his inquiry was not finished .
The Institute 's national manufacturing barometer slipped to 53.7 in September from 54.7 in August .
" Based on the history and success of The Winston in Charlotte , I believe there 's no place but Lowe 's Motor Speedway that can do it justice . "
Lately , he had earned money by calling fans on the telephone , taking part in the service www.HollywoodIsCalling.com.
Missouri health officials said he had not been hospitalized and is recovering .
It called on the Commerce Department to respond within 60 days .
Thousands of people in the South of England caught a glimpse of the lunar eclipse as they gazed up at the night sky early today .
Against the dollar , the euro rose as high as $ 1.1537 , a fresh four-year high and up a half cent from around $ 1.1480 in late U.S. trade .
At the very long end , the 30-year bond US30YT = RR lost 2 / 32 for a yield of 4.41 percent .
In 2002 , spending on inpatient hospital care grew by 6.8 percent and that on outpatient hospital care by 14.6 percent .
Ironically , Cablevision will be footing the bill for YES ' lawsuit against Time Warner Cable .
First up , Microsoft said a buffer overrun vulnerability occurs because IE does not properly determine an object type returned from a Web server .
Analysts estimate peak annual U.S. sales of Xolair will top $ 200 million .
Hernandez had breast cancer and Moore is being treated for non-Hodgkins lymphoma .
Excluding food and energy costs , the core CPI is seen rising 0.2 percent , matching the July figure .
Brandy and Husband SplitR 'n'b star Brandy and Robert Smith , her husband of two years have split up .
The Democrat 's 2000 platform didn 't explicitly support gay marriages but backed " the full inclusion of gay and lesbian families into the life of the nation . "
The supermarket chains have used managers and replacement workers to keep their stores open , often at reduced hours .
They include French President Jacques Chirac and German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder .
Authorities believe the children , who were last seen with their father at a fireworks display in Concord on July 4 , are dead .
Taupo had been leading Mr Kibblewhite , 62 , of Rotorua , on a three-day walk with a tramping party of eight .
The December decision by the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals upheld California 's law banning certain assault weapons and revived the national gun-ownership debate .
Tibco has used the Rendezvous name since 1994 for several of its technology products , it said .
The American Association of Nursing Colleges reported that schools turned away more than 5,000 qualified applicants last year .
" It 's a blond-haired woman wearing a Cartier watch on her wrist , " the source said .
The two blond opponents appeared almost identical because they wore matching powder-blue outfits - to their dismay . "
Apple Computer 's new online music service sold more than 1 million songs during its first week of operation , the company said Monday .
He was arrested in Atlanta , Georgia , on Monday night by police acting on a tip-off .
Selenski had served about seven years in prison for bank robbery .
Second , I am responsible for the approval process in my agency .
Rambus Inc. shot up almost 33 percent , making it the biggest percentage gainer on the Nasdaq .
As part of the agreement to extradite the two best friends from Canada , prosecutors agreed not to seek the death penalty for convictions .
Moose 's book goes on sale Monday , nearly a year after the sniper shootings started in the Washington area .
Robbins said he wants to take networks such as ESPN that charge more than $ 1 per Cox customer and make them optional choices .
What 's more , companies are not feeling confident enough to replace older PCs , the analyst firm said .
The case decided Monday centered around an Illinois fund-raiser , Telemarketing Associates .
She said her son followed his father and grandfather into the military .
But the bureau never kept tabs on al-Bayoumi — despite receiving prior information he was a secret Saudi agent , the report says .
Bolivia 's army fought to stop a column of dynamite-wielding miners from streaming into the besieged capital on Wednesday , leaving two dead as a popular uprising against the President spread .
" It should have declared that it was sailing with a cargo that was like an atomic bomb , " said Anomeritis .
However , FAA spokeswoman Kathleen Bergen said no data indicate that the situation poses safety problems .
Senior Vice President Eric Rudder , formerly head of the Developer and Platform Evangelism unit , will lead the new entity .
The decision came after " listening to our customers and associates , " Melissa Berryhill , a spokeswoman for Wal-Mart , said .
" It was a great shock , " said Mohcine Douali , who lives in central Algiers .
Microsoft has been awarded a patent for a feature in instant messaging that alerts a user when the person they are communicating with is inputting a message .
" The financial diplomacy we 're engaged in is the surest course to get what we want , " Mr. Snow said .
The other 18 people inside the building - two visitors and 16 employees , including Harrison 's ex-girlfriend - escaped unharmed , Aaron said .
Analysts polled by Reuters Research , a unit of Reuters Group Plc , on average forecast profit of $ 1.69 per share .
Malvo 's lawyers have presented an insanity defense , saying brainwashing by convicted sniper John Allen Muhammad left Malvo incapable of knowing right from wrong .
He said he had told the state police to execute a search warrant but stop if they encountered resistance .
Supporters asked a federal court Monday to block the removal of a Ten Commandments monument from the Alabama Judicial Building .
Of all personal vehicles , 57 percent are cars or station wagons , 21 percent are vans or sport utility vehicles and 19 percent are light trucks .
We are cautiously optimistic regarding some improvement in sales and operating performance trends in the second half of 2003 . "
In Al-Fallujah , two grenades were thrown Thursday at soldiers from the 3rd Armored Cavalry Regiment , wounding seven , none seriously .
That means the case against Gary Lee Sampson , including the capital charges , will now to trial in September .
The NIST discovered that in 1999 the Port Authority issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1 1 / 2 inches .
The move follows a recent proposal by Mr Vajpayee , whoended an 18-month chill in relations by ordering normalisation of diplomatic links and restoration of air services with Pakistan .
Three Southern politicians who ``stood up to ancient hatreds ' ' were honored Monday with Profile in Courage Awards from the John F. Kennedy Library and Museum .
Last year , the court ruled 5-4 in an Ohio case that government vouchers are constitutional if they provide parents with choices among a range of religious and secular schools .
On Tuesday , he picked up the endorsement of the United Steelworkers of America .
Under a deal with General Electric 's NBC , Vivendi 's film and TV business would merge with NBC 's broadcast network , Spanish- language network and cable channels including CNBC and Bravo .
Officers talked with the boy for about an hour and a half , Bragdon said .
But none of the ministers opposed Mr. Powell 's suggestion outright on Thursday , the ministers said .
There is , however , no photograph of Dr Hollingworth in the June issue of the magazine examined by The Age yesterday .
Legal experts say the case may mark the first time a parent has been convicted of contributing to a child 's suicide .
Wal-Mart shares rose 16 cents to close at $ 58.28 on the New York Stock Exchange .
Sheena Young , a spokesman for Child , the national infertility support network , said the proposed guidelines should lead to a more " fair and equitable " service for infertility sufferers .
Sarah Weddington , the abortion advocate and lawyer who originally represented McCorvey , did not immediately return a call seeking comment .
" It got up on his personal radar screen in the past week , and I had to get my pitch .
Frist proposed a process in which it would take gradually fewer votes to overcome filibusters preventing final votes on judicial confirmations .
" The United States welcomes a greater NATO role in Iraq 's stabilization , " Mr. Powell said in a speech to fellow NATO ministers .
State Police were investigating , Vazzi said .
Jordan Barowitz , a spokesman for Republican Mayor Michael Bloomberg said : " The Comptroller 's statements , while noteworthy for their sensationalism , bear no relation to the facts . "
Apple is working with Oxford Semiconductor and affected drive manufacturers to resolve this issue , which resides in the Oxford 922 chip-set . "
" There is no conscious policy of the United States , I can assure you of this , to move the dollar at all , " he said .
By March 2003 , 67 percent of broadband users connected using cable modems , compared with 28 percent using D.S.L.
That victim , a New Jersey resident , was in critical but stable condition at the hospital .
Boeing shares fell 95 cents , or 3.3 percent , to $ 27.67 at 3 : 30 p.m. in New York Stock Exchange composite trading .
The weather service estimated that between two and three inches of rain hit Kanawha and Nicholas counties between midnight and noon Monday .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC crept up 5.05 points , or 0.32 percent , at 1,595.80 .
The 25 percent hike takes annual UC undergraduate tuition to $ 4,794 and graduate fees to $ 5,019 .
Moments later , he hugged his defense lawyers , softly saying , " Thank you , so much . "
About 57 gang members and associates were arrested across the West on Wednesday , some on charges not related to the casino brawl .
" That doesn 't mean to say it doesn 't exist , " Mr. Chandler said , but simply that his team has found no such evidence .
Kao , the fifth Taiwanese expert invited by the WHO to attend the conference , however , was absent from the delegation .
" The proposed investment starts the process of raising the funding we need to increase our capacity to better support our customer requirements , " said Yukio Sakamoto , Elpida 's president .
The newspaper also reported that two key leaders were out of town during part of Columbia 's flight .
Vivendi argues the agreement was not approved by its board and that the payoff was inappropriate given the state of Vivendi 's finances at the time .
Teen-agers at high schools where condoms are available are no more likely to have sex than other teens , a study says .
" We have found the smoking gun , " said Hubbard , director of NASA 's Ames Research Center in California .
None of Prairie Plant 's marijuana can be distributed until the Health Canada 's user manual is made available , she said .
Advertising and circulation revenues for Martha Stewart Living magazine have taken a hit .
In his first trip to sub-Saharan Africa as president , Mr. Bush will visit Senegal , South Africa , Botswana , Uganda and Nigeria before returning home on Saturday .
Rebels consolidated their grip on a troubled northeastern Congolese town Tuesday as residents identified at least 112 dead after a week of fighting .
She said in 2003 , not one American state had an obesity level less than 15 percent of the population .
Ms. Johnson 's site is www.katyjohnson .com. Mr. Max 's is www.tuckermax.com.
The Standard & Poor 's 500 Index gained 10.89 , or 1.2 percent , to 931.12 as of 12 : 01 p.m. in New York .
Authorities had no leads in Biggs ' death until four months later , when a tipster said Mallard talked about the incident at a party .
He was chief executive of BOCHK until he was suddenly recalled to Beijing last month .
By 2007 , antivirus solutions will carry a worldwide price tag double that of 2002 : $ 4.4 billion .
The SIA forecast that chip sales next year will rise 16.8 percent to $ 180.9 billion , followed by a 5.8 percent increase to $ 191.5 billion in 2005 .
But last week the executive committee of the board of trustees gave him a vote of no confidence .
The Episcopal Church is the American branch of the Anglican Communion .
" The ( drug ) benefit is equal for everyone , both in traditional Medicare and in the enhanced Medicare we 're setting up , " Grassley said .
There are more surprises than you can possibly imagine , " Davis said after appearing with former U.S. president Bill Clinton at a school dedication .
Connolly said FBI agents in San Diego and abroad spent thousands of hours investigating al-Bayoumi .
The Virginia attorney-general , Jerry Kilgore , accused the Supreme Court of undermining " Virginia 's right to pass legislation that reflects the views and values of our citizens " .
Before that the division was known as the NASCAR Grand National Series .
Lakhani , 68 , is charged with attempting to provide material support and resources to terrorists and acting as an arms broker without a license .
There are three warships with 2,300 Marines lingering off its coast .
Four people were killed and 50 injured in the attacks .
Acting New Haven Police Chief Francisco Ortiz said police were treating the explosion as a criminal matter .
Brando said that " somebody ought to put a bullet " through her head , according to the defense .
Warren David Campbell , 32 , and climbing companion Jonathan Smith , 47 , did not return as expected on Tuesday from climbing on Mt D 'Archiac in the McKenzie District .
Instead , they fear the conference is an attempt by corporate farming and biotech interests to push into new markets .
The new P25-S507 sports a 17-inch display with a resolution of 1,440 pixels by 900 pixels the same as Apples PowerBook .
Mascia-Frye oversees European operations for the West Virginia Development Office .
" I think there 's a building confidence that the cop is on the beat . "
Alcohol-related fatalities accounted for 41 percent of the total number of deaths .
The study appears today in the New England Journal of Medicine .
If convicted , each faces up to five years in prison and a fine of $ 250,000 or more based on the amount of gains involved .
" It 's just too important to keeping crime down in the city to let it lapse , " the mayor said of Operation Impact .
Sony Ericsson also said it plans to close its R & D site in Munich , Germany , for GSM and UMTS handsets .
Sirius carries National Public Radio , although it doesn 't include popular shows such as " All Things Considered " and " Morning Edition . "
" The deterioration of security compounds when nearly all computers rely on a single operating system subject to the same vulnerabilities the world over . "
Shares of Smithfield rose $ 1.64 yesterday to close at $ 20.85 , a rise of 8.5 per cent , on the New York Stock Exchange .
Jay Fishman , 51 , chairman and chief executive of St Paul , will be chief executive of the combined company .
France , Russia , China and even staunch ally Britain had advocated a stronger U.N. role , which they said was needed to give a U.S.-backed Iraqi authority international legitimacy .
A year ago the firm posted a profit of 26 million pounds .
The U.S. House of Representatives , the other chamber of Congress , does not vote on treaties .
But Mr. Bolten cautioned that the deficit was still likely to exceed $ 500 billion in the 2004 fiscal year .
The board is investigating whether this compromised safety on the shuttle .
Democratic presidential candidate Joe Lieberman criticized President Bush on Wednesday for a sluggish economy that has kept Americans out of work .
Emergency crews said no passenger was ejected , but some were thrown partly out of the open side of the bus .
As he spoke by satellite phone , shellfire could be heard in the background .
Kroc ranked No. 121 on Forbes magazine 's latest list of the nation 's wealthiest people , with an estimated net worth of $ 1.7 billion .
Boeing said yesterday that Southwest exercised options to purchase 15 737s for delivery next year .
The Nasdaq Composite index , full of technology stocks , was lately up around 18 points .
The skull is then punctured and the brain suctioned out , causing the skull to collapse and easing passage through the birth canal .
The water blocking the airport road swamped several buildings , including a Federal Express depot .
Experts say they think better treatment , including use of the drug tamoxifen and mammogram screening , are responsible .
Shares were off 30 cents , or 1.3 percent , at $ 22.58 on Tuesday on the New York Stock Exchange .
But this could happen with any document format that supports VBA , including Word , Excel or PowerPoint .
Some Boston bar managers said they worry that banning smoking will create a hazard as groups of smokers huddle outside on sidewalks and in parking lots to smoke .
During interrogation , he admitted that he helped organise and carry out near-simultaneous bombings that killed 22 people in Manila in December 2000 .
Starting on Aug. 16 , every computer infected with MBlast will start flooding Microsoft 's Windows Update service with legitimate-looking connection requests .
President Bush and top officials in his administration cited the threat from Iraq 's alleged chemical and biological weapons and nuclear weapons program as the main justification for going to war .
" Our policies are well-known and I 'm not aware of any changes in policy .
Samudra , 33 , a textile salesman , is also charged with a series of church bombings across Indonesia on Christmas Eve , 2000 , when 19 people were killed .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX eased 7.57 points , or 0.76 percent , at 990.94 .
The decision unnerved voting officials who already have been warning they have barely enough time to organize the election .
Mahmud was seized near Tikrit , the area from which he and Saddam hail , about 150 kilometres north-west of Baghdad , US military officials said .
The appeal would stop the extradition process and could take several months , Rork said .
Avants , wearing a light brown jumpsuit , had tubes in his nose and a portable oxygen tank beside him .
The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 4.46 % from 4.42 % late Thursday .
The 2.4 GHz radio frequency chipset features radio interference protection and low power consumption .
The indictment follows a criminal complaint filed by federal prosecutors on April 23 .
However , the Israeli government argues that changes in Israel ’ s state-controlled economy are necessary if the state is to compete in the global marketplace .
The state wants to kill the wolves in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near McGrath to establish a moose nursery of sorts .
The stock had risen 44 cents in the past four trading sessions .
The state wants to kill the wolves in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near McGrath to establish a moose nursery of sorts .
The WHO has said the Singapore case did not fit its profile of SARS and was " not an international public health concern . "
In 1999 , troops returned after rebel raids on a neighbouring Russian region and a series of deadly apartment-house bombings in Russian cities that were blamed on the rebels .
Three months into the study , the Atkins group had lost an average of about 15 pounds , compared with five for the low-fat group .
BT said it expected the combination to reap 60,000 additional customers between September and March , 2004 .
" She was crying and she was really scared , " said Yasin .
Mary Kathryn Miller , 55 , of 27 Devon Road , Darien , was arrested Nov. 20 by state police and charged with first-degree larceny .
His wife , Janet , said she heard the thud from the kitchen , where she was getting a glass of water .
" This is an extremely heartrending time for the entire Brandeis University community .
" That obligation to pay rent continues unabated notwithstanding the heinous attacks of 11 September , " the suit says .
Maj-Gen Jeffery said he would give his military pension to charity while he served at Yarralumla .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index < .IXIC > added 1.92 points , or 0.12 percent , at 1,647.94 .
A Melbourne TV producer who worked on shows including Who Wants To Be a Millionaire ?
The auditors , for example , did not have access to church personnel files .
The researchers found that 18 percent of the men who took finasteride , or 803 men , developed prostate cancer .
The euro was steady versus the Swiss franc after hitting its highest since mid-2001 of 1.5261 earlier in the session .
Georgia Bureau of Investigation spokesman John Bankhead said the crime scenes indicated that the killer was " very methodical . "
Vaccine makers have been thrust into the limelight as government programs encourage wider vaccination amid fears of biological attacks .
A federal grand jury and the Securities and Exchange Commission were looking into how the company allocated shares of initial public stock offerings .
The Third Armored Cavalry Regiment recently apprehended about 40 suspected fighters near the Syrian border , officials said .
The single currency rose as far as 135.26 yen , its highest level since the introduction of the single currency in January 1999 .
It upheld fallback rules that bar the same groups from airing ads that promote , support , attack or oppose a candidate at any time .
But Davis adviser Roger Salazar said the governor 's focus " is on doing the work that he 's being paid to do . "
Shares of Brocade closed at $ 5.91 , down $ 1.24 , or 17.3 percent .
" While many good people work in the telemarketing industry , the public is understandably losing patience with these unwanted phone calls , unwanted intrusions , " Mr. Bush said .
In 1993 , after nine years in prison , Bloodsworth was cleared with evidence gathered from a semen stain on the victim 's panties .
The 30-year bond US30YT = RR firmed 14 / 32 , taking its yield to 4.19 percent from 4.22 percent .
If so , Powell said , he 's calling the president ludicrous , too .
The companies said Idec holders would own about 50.5 percent of the stock of the combined company .
Two Inland Valley lawmakers revealed it might be possible for Democrats to entice some Republicans to support a tax hike .
He claims they agreed on this plot and that fine-tuning was handed to Dulmatin , a bombmaker who is still on the run .
A year ago , the company posted a profit of 12 cents a share .
Ratliff said he hopes to bring the two measures to the full Senate by Friday .
Windows XP 64-bit Edition for 64-Bit Extended Systems will support AMD64 technology , running natively on AMD Athlon 64 powered desktops and AMD Opteron processor-powered workstations .
Federal Agent Bill Polychronopoulos said last night the man involved in the Melbourne incident had been unarmed .
Hampton , 39 , died in Beth Israel Hospital , Tipograph said .
That was more than double the $ 102 million , or 13 cents a share , for the year-earlier quarter .
The Texas congressional delegation now is 17-15 Democratic .
DB2 Cube Views automates the process of creating metadata by defining , describing , and indexing information in a database .
" We 're delighted the testing has worked -- we caught this ... and haven 't sent it into the blood supply , " said Dr. Dale Towns , Calgary medical director of CBS .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX crept up 4.3 points , or 0.44 percent , to 980.52 .
Economic damages , such as lost wages or medical costs , wouldn 't be capped under Bush 's plan .
Andrew Sugden , an evolutionary biology expert and the international managing editor of Science , described the find as a " milestone " .
Following their assessment , each volunteer received a squirt in the nose of rhinovirus the germ that causes colds .
PeopleSoft said the JD Edwards acquisition would close in the third quarter .
France has a unique unemployment fund for artists that takes into account their downtime between shows .
The attacks came two days after suicide bombers detonated a truck bomb in a Government compound in northern Chechnya , killing 59 .
Breaux outlined a plan Tuesday that would give seniors help with the first $ 3,450 in prescription drug costs .
The Tarrant County Medical Examiner 's Office has identified the deceased passengers at the scene as Angel Melena , 25 , and Narcisco Del-Angel Lozano , 34 .
Wells Fargo was not available for comment , and a Quicken Loans spokeswoman declined immediate comment .
" What she told our investigators was that all the babies were born full-term and then died within hours , " Hughes said .
Passengers were evacuated smoothly , although they were not told what was going on , he said .
Delta personnel at Atlanta 's Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport scrambled all day to find alternate flights -- including seats on other airlines -- to move the inconvenienced passengers .
NBC will probably end the season as the second most-popular network behind CBS , which is first among the key 18-to-49-year-old demographic .
Claudette , the first hurricane of the Atlantic storm season , hit the mid-Texas coast July 15 , classified as a Category 1 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 85 mph .
Yesterday , Taiwan reported 65 new cases , its biggest one-day increase yet .
U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan on Saturday called for the urgent dispatch of a multinational force to Liberia to halt fighting between government and rebel forces that has killed hundreds .
This framework will be based on the company 's work with the ObjectWeb consortium , Apache Software Foundation and the Eclipse IDE community .
The $ 130 million cleanup included new carpet , electrical wiring and bathrooms .
Acting New Haven Police Chief Francisco Ortiz said police were treating the explosion as a criminal matter .
Simon & Schuster declined comment on the potential lawsuit and would not confirm the contents of the story .
The 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Richmond , Va . , released the edited transcript of a closed hearing June 3 , which followed a public proceeding .
Conte said Druce will be charged with murder .
" We are confident that the new leadership in Boston will be willing to take responsibility for the past actions of the archdiocese , ' said Lincoln . "
The company is expected to unveil the console on Thursday at the Consumer Electronics Show ( CES ) in Las Vegas .
U.S. officials say operatives loyal to the ousted Saddam government do not require hightechnology eavesdropping devices to gather substantial amounts of information on the activities of American officials .
The submission was on Monday , but the announcement was made Friday at the International Broadcasting Convention in Amsterdam .
He added that the decision will " throw a monkey wrench into the FCC 's efforts to develop a vitally important national broadband policy . "
PC-related products were the strongest sellers , with microprocessors up 5.6 percent and DRAMs up 8.2 percent , the SIA said .
She said she eventually allowed him to fix her bike while she sat in his car , and they chatted .
Powell 's version made it seem more sinister when he said an officer on the tape ordered that the area be " cleared out . "
For the full year , high-speed ADSL increased by 64 percent .
Mr Kenny and the family 's American lawyer , Michael Ratner , want access to Hicks before he faces a military tribunal .
According to the report , average life expectancy has increased by nearly two years since 1990 .
The president 's " advice to the House Republicans is to pass it , to send it to him , so he can sign it , " said White House spokesman Ari Fleischer .
There is a tradition of Labor Day racing in the Inland Valley .
Two Atlanta-based companies that have not been accused of wrongdoing -- Delta Air Lines and Home Depot -- were also mentioned by witnesses as having excessive pay packages for CEOs .
" I think we should hesitate , " Olympia Snowe , R-Maine , said at a Senate Commerce Committee hearing .
But PeopleSoft said the new deal should add to its 2004 earnings , excluding amortization and other items .
The deal creates a company with about $ 2.8bn in annual revenues with 13,000 employees and 11,000 customers .
Overture generates its search listings from more than 100,000 advertisers who bid for placement on keywords relevant to their business .
Mitzna and party secretary Ophir Pines agreed to convene party organizations within 10 days to discuss whether new primaries would be held or a temporary leader appointed .
The suspected militants ambushed the convoy near the town of Spinboldak , U.S. military spokesman Lt. Col. Douglas Lefforge said Sunday , a day after the attack .
In 2001 , President Bush named her to the Student Loan Marketing Association , the largest U.S. lender for students .
MONY shares rose 8.76 per cent to $ 31.90 in after-hours trading in New York .
IBM ( NYSE : IBM ) was the fastest-growing vendor , with sales jumping 37 percent to 220,000 units .
The Los Angeles Master Chorale and the Los Angeles Philharmonic Brass Ensemble also performed .
Health professionals say there is no rabies vaccine for humans in Zimbabwe and , even if it was available , it is too expensive for most bitten by infected dogs .
Evans is also the vice-chairman of the Federal Chief Information Officers Council .
The discoveries came after a package bomb went off in the Bologna , Italy home of EU Commission President Romano Prodi on Sunday .
Newcomer Marissa Jaret Winokur in " Hairspray " bested Broadway veteran Bernadette Peters in " Gypsy " for best actress in a musical .
Close also questions whether it would be worth the cost of licensing third-party software , along with Salesforce.com 's rental price .
Levi became known for ethical business practices .
A former FBI informant , Whitey Bulger is now on the agency 's " Ten Most Wanted " list alongside Osama bin Laden .
Astronomers have clocked eight more moons orbiting Jupiter , bringing its known total to 60 .
" The anticipated global sales improvement in the month of June did not materialize as we had anticipated , " the company said .
But the Russell 2000 , the barometer of stocks of smaller companies , had a weekly gain of 3.71 , or 0.9 percent , closing at 418.40 .
Peterson was almost eight months pregnant when she was reported missing .
The other main electrical goods retailers are Argos , part of GUS , privately owned Littlewoods and PowerHouse .
Shelley 's office released signature counts late Friday and said counties had reported counting 575,926 signatures so far .
The 30-year bond was down 14 / 32 to yield 4.92 percent , up from 4.89 percent on Thursday but off an earlier yield high of 4.95 percent .
Washington only agreed to let the U.N. mission into Iraq after repeated warnings by IAEA chief Mohamed ElBaradei .
They found that 6.4 percent of men on finasteride had high-grade tumors , compared to 5.1 percent taking a placebo .
The Pentagon has begun an official investigation into Boykin 's remarks .
After talks , Russian and Saudi energy ministers signed a five-year agreement on cooperation in the oil and gas industry .
He said the ferry 's crew will be interviewed and tested for drugs and alcohol .
John Clare , Dixons chief executive , objected to the Commission 's findings .
Last month The Washington Post also launched a free tabloid aimed at younger readers called the Express .
Zilkha conceded in a statement issued today that his group may have fallen " a bit short . "
" Arifin has disclosed . . . that he is involved with a group of like-minded individuals in planning terrorist attacks against certain targets in Thailand .
Some three dozen American and British troops have been killed since Bush declared major combat over in Iraq on May 1 .
Sandy Mitchell , 44 , from Kirkintilloch , Glasgow , and William Sampson , a British citizen born in Glasgow , face beheading in public .
Shares in Microsoft slipped 4.7 percent in after-hours trade to $ 27.54 from a Nasdaq close of $ 28.91 .
The group said it is not taking a position on whether Davis should be recalled and will not endorse a replacement candidate .
However , the group points to a number of conflicting standards and media formats .
Quattrone is accused of attempting to obstruct justice by endorsing that e-mail , which encouraged co-workers to destroy files on profitable investment banking deals .
At the same time , the number of injuries dropped , from 3.03 million in 2001 to 2.92 million in 2002 .
Its shares fell $ 9.61 to $ 50.26 , ranking as the NYSE 's most-active issue and its biggest percentage loser .
Their findings were published Monday in Circulation : The Journal of the American Heart Association .
The Defence Secretary , Donald Rumsfeld , and other top Pentagon officials played down his comments .
Gov. Linda Lingle and other dignitaries are scheduled to be at the base to watch the launch .
It 's also a strategic win for Overture , given that Knight Ridder had been using Google 's advertising services .
The island reported another 35 probable cases yesterday , taking its total to 418 .
A member of the rap group So Solid Crew threw away a loaded gun during a police chase , Southwark Crown Court was told yesterday .
Cabrera was called up Friday from Double A Carolina and started in left field .
" I think this moves us a lot closer toward saying that foam can do this kind of damage , " Hubbard said .
" This blackout was largely preventable , " said Spencer Abraham , US energy secretary .
Last week , a national study ranked Nissan 's Smyrna plant the most productive in North America .
The product can be instructed to permit business-only use , according to Sendmail .
He is charged in three bombings in Atlanta including a blast at the 1996 Olympics and one in Alabama .
Two new schemes target families of those serving in the military and e-mail users .
Former postal worker , Douglas Lindsell , was sentenced yesterday at Kingston Crown Court after pleading guilty to attempting to abduct a young girl .
The main rebel force , the Liberians United for Reconciliation and Democracy , fears a peacekeeping force could bolster Taylor .
After he was led into the execution chamber and strapped to a gurney , Swisher raised his head and appeared to smile as the prison chaplain spoke in his ear .
The FBI is trying to determine when White House officials and members of the vice president 's staff focused on Wilson and learned about his wife 's employment .
Wall Street is debating whether the central bank will say risks are tilted toward weakness or balanced with inflation .
On Jan. 1 , Nikia Shanell Kilpatrick , who was pregnant , was found bound and strangled in her apartment .
" It is highly conditional , faces significant regulatory delays and uncertainty , and threatens serious damage to our business . "
Coach Don Nelson declared Nowitzki out at the team 's morning shootaround .
The six-member jury cleared Scruggs of a second charge that accused her of failing to provide her son with proper medical and psychological care .
Police advised residents Friday not to travel alone to convenience stores and to be watchful .
" But they did not , as of the time of this particular tragic event , provide the security we had requested , " Mr Jordan said .
Bare Metal Restore 4.6 will be available in mid-June , said Veritas , and will cost $ 900 per Windows client and $ 1,000 per Unix client .
Hoy confirmed the woman 's age Tuesday and said she was on vacation with her family , but is expected to return this week .
A photograph of the doctor 's son holding the guitar appeared in the National Enquirer two weeks after Harrison 's death .
The Swiss franc rose three quarters of a percent against the dollar and was last at 1.2980 to the greenback .
The share price of Berkeley-based Xoma lost 73 cents a share , or 13 percent , to $ 4.76 in afternoon trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market .
Swedish telecom equipment maker Ericsson ( nasdaq : QCOM - news - people ) jumped $ 2.88 , or 15.7 percent , to $ 21.28 .
About 18 percent of men taking finasteride developed prostate cancer , compared with 24 percent on placebo .
Smithfield shares rose more than 8 per cent yesterday as the company said it expected the transaction to boost earnings immediately .
" Prime Minister Abbas , we are facing a new opportunity today , a better future for both peoples , " Mr Sharon said .
The union banned the import of genetically modified food in 1998 after many consumers feared health risks .
A two-week transition period will begin no later than June 7 .
It was defeated by 297 votes to 117 , a Government majority of 180 .
She also thanked her boyfriend , Sgt. Ruben Contreras , who was sitting next to the stage .
The Nasdaq composite index rose 16.74 , or 1 percent , to 1,650.75 .
U.S. Capitol Police Chief Terrance Gainer said ``two staff members bringing in Halloween costumes ' ' were responsible .
Eurex said " the vast majority " of trades on Eurex US would be priced at 20 cents per contract or less depending on " participation in incentive schemes " .
Her son would get upset , his mom said , but then turn around and befriend his taunters .
Senate President Pro Tempore Robert D. Garton , R-Columbus , said he 'll miss the governor 's civility most .
The civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month _ sliding down to 6.1 percent _ as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000 amid continuing mixed signals about the nation 's economic health .
Both devices use Palm OS 5.2 and feature a completely new form factor that resembles a miniature notebook with a screen that swivels 180 degrees .
We 're losing one or two American soldiers every day .
Physicians who perform the procedure would face up to two years in prison , under the bill .
Excluding one-time items , it expects profit of 11 cents to 15 cents a share .
Against the Japanese currency , the euro was at 136.06 yen compared with the late New York level of 136.03 / 14 .
The answer is clearly yes , " said Dr. Larry Norton , deputy physician-in-chief for breast-cancer programs at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in New York City .
While Qureia is respected and has a history of negotiating with the Israelis , a warm welcome is not expected .
" Although the preconditions for recovery remain in place , the prospect for external demand for UK output is weaker than previously expected . "
He had been in protective custody since being transferred to Souza-Baranowski in April , officials said .
Bush , however , also lashed out at the terrorist bombings in Saudi Arabia that killed at least 29 people -- including a number of Americans .
" I think it 's obvious I 'm not riding as well as I have in years past .
Security assessments of these facilities should take place every three years .
A DoD team is on site to determine how this happened and what needs to be done to fix the breach , the release stated .
The court today reversed the decision of that court , the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit .
U.S. Special Forces troops are training Colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the pipeline .
Convicted child molester Brian DeVries spoke out in response to community outrage Wednesday afternoon after registering as a sex offender at the Soledad Police Department .
In jihad , we are not allowed to kill women , except those who join the war ( against Islam ) . "
Isaacs had been on death row longer than anyone in the nation .
After a day of testimony , Cohen recessed the hearing until this afternoon .
The threat came as Taiwanese authorities quarantined hundreds at two hospitals amid fears of an epidemic of severe acute respiratory syndrome .
About 31 percent of Americans are now obese — roughly 30 or more pounds over a healthy weight .
Barclays chief executive Matt Barrett also said he had advised his children never to use credit cards .
One Republican flier cited a 3.8 percent increase in the S & P 500 stock index since passage of the tax cuts in May .
Against the Canadian dollar , the greenback rose 0.15 percent to $ 1.3260 < CAD = > as the Bank of Canada kept key interest rates unchanged .
" We make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attack , " said Barbara Comstock , Justice Department spokeswoman .
The report quotes extensively from internal e-mails , including one from a former CIBC executive who described the returns earned by the bank on its Enron deals as " outrageous . "
The PCs are scattered across the United States , Canada and South Korea .
Still , Mr. Weill will remain very much a power at the company .
Under the original Roe v. Wade ruling , the abortion decision was left to the woman and her physician before a fetus could live outside the womb .
Other recommendations included the creation of regional ocean ecosystem councils and a national system to fully protect marine reserves .
The illusionist remained in critical condition Monday with a gaping wound to the neck .
The loonie , meanwhile , was on the rise again early Thursday .
Ernest Bucklew was headed home for his mother 's funeral in Pennsylvania .
The S. & P. 500 slipped 12.27 points , or 1.2 percent , to 981.73 .
It was the culmination of a row caused by Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore , who installed the 2400kg monument in the Alabama Judicial Building in 2001 .
" Saddam 's daughters had British schools and hospitals in mind when they decided to ask for asylum -- especially the schools , " he told The Sun .
Fatima , meanwhile , was on her turquoise cell phone organizing the prom .
Rowell , 57 , was out of state helping his wife 's daughter move when the tragedy occurred , friends said .
Keanu Reeves and Hugo Weaving in a scene from the motion picture The Matrix Revolutions .
Defence lawyers sought to have those charges thrown out , claiming the Bali court hearing Mr Samudra 's case did not have jurisdiction over those crimes .
Mel Gibson is negotiating with Newmarket Films to distribute his embattled Biblical epic " The Passion of Christ " in the United States .
Mark Kaiser and Tim Lee , respectively US Foodservice vice-presidents for marketing and purchasing , have been dismissed .
Prince , who heads Citigroup 's global corporate and investment bank , is replacing Sanford Weill as CEO .
" Our objective is to improve the nation 's capacity to save lives in ... a terrorist event , " including use of weapons of mass destruction , Ridge said .
A Global Crossing representative had no immediate comment .
RIM must either pay NTP the $ 53.7 million or post a bond with the court pending the appeal .
A new version of the Bluetooth specification was officially launched today at the start of the Bluetooth World Congress in Amsterdam .
In Somalia , the report says , only 26 percent of adolescent girls have heard of AIDS and only 1 percent know how to protect themselves .
The sale represents about 52 per cent of the 115.9 million shares Mr Turner held at the end of April .
That applies only to schools that get federal Title I money .
Moments later , he hugged his defense lawyers , softly saying , " Thank you , so much . "
Hillary Clinton , the New York senator and former first lady , has a book out Monday titled Living History .
During the flight , engineers underestimated the extent of the damage , and even then lamented that the liftoff photography was so poor .
ATA spokeswoman Diana Cronan said travel was down in May through July , and she also expects it to be down some over Labor Day .
" The whole thing is a travesty , " fumed Brent Newbury , president of the Rockland County Patrolmen 's Benevolent Association .
A kayaker found Dr. Scribner 's body floating near the doctor 's houseboat in Portage Bay , where he was eating lunch when his wife , Ethel , left for an appointment .
Officials said data will be used to verify whether travelers have exceeded their authorized stay .
The Institute for Supply Management said its index of non-manufacturing activity rose to 50.7 , bouncing back from a one-month contraction in March at 47.9 .
It was predicted to become a Category I hurricane overnight .
I am not giving any consideration to resignation , " Shumaker said in a statement .
Last week , Nur al-Din Muliff , a 36-year-old of North African origin , was arrested in the southern coastal town of Eastbourne .
Jordan Green , O 'Brien 's private attorney , said he had no comment .
Moore did not have an immediate response Tuesday .
The Nasdaq composite held on to the slimmest of gains , up 4.64 at 1,735.34 .
" As a responsible leader we felt it necessary to make these changes because online chat services are increasingly being misused , " stated Gillian Kent , director at MSN UK .
Last week , his lawyers asked Gov. Mark R. Warner to grant clemency , but the governor declined to intervene .
It was the third time in four years that wildfires forced the park to close .
Defenders of the partial birth abortion ban downplayed the legal challenges .
As part of a 2001 agreement to extradite them from Canada , prosecutors agreed not to seek the death penalty .
The FBI said at least 7000 computers were infected by Parson 's software .
And now it 's anything he wants to say , " confirmed Stone County Nursing and Rehabilitation Center social director Alesha Badgley .
He ordered him sent to the Larned State Security Hospital for continued evaluation and treatment .
See the complete list of VH1 's ' 100 Greatest Songs of the Past 25 Years .
A command is sent to Mars Express to release Beagle 2 by what is known as a Spin-Up and Eject Mechanism .
Justices Anthony Kennedy , Sandra Day O 'Connor and Stephen Breyer dissented .
Two brothers who were among seven people accused of aiding terrorists pleaded guilty yesterday to charges of conspiring to help Al Qaeda and the Taliban during the war in Afghanistan .
In 2001 , there were 6.5 million high-tech jobs in the United States .
" In creating the game , it was not our intention to target or offend any group or persons or to incite hatred or violence against such groups persons . "
" We need to take these threats seriously , " said Vicki Saporta , president of the National Abortion Federation .
He was on a hiking trip that day with a church group .
The Future Concepts and Surface Ship Design Group is the Naval Sea Systems Command ’ s technical authority for all surface ship design and engineering .
Manuals produced by only six states _ Arkansas , Michigan , Minnesota , New Jersey , Virginia and Wisconsin _ now have such sections .
Jeter , who dislocated his left shoulder in a collision March 31 , took batting practice on the field for the first time Monday .
" Happy people sleep better , have better diets , exercise more and have less levels of stress hormones , " Cohen said .
The head of the intelligence service under Mr. Fujimori , Vladimiro Montesinos , was accused of tortures and disappearances .
Bond voiced disappointment that neither President Bush nor his brother attended the 2002 conference in Texas or the 2003 meeting in Florida .
The Senate judiciary committee on Tuesday overcame a significant hurdle in the battle to create a trust fund to pay victims of asbestos exposure but the most difficult obstacles remain .
In a statement distributed today , 28 Chechen non-governmental organisations said they would boycott the vote and warned voters to expect fraud .
O 'Brien 's attorney , Jordan Green , declined to comment .
An estimated $ 250,000 worth of jewelry belonging to the hip-hop performer was recovered Friday at Kennedy Airport , where it had disappeared June 20 .
Hampton Township is located a few kilometers northeast of Bay City , near Michigan 's Thumb .
Analysts have estimated that Vivendi Uni could fetch $ 12 billion- $ 14 billion for VUE .
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners by a 4-to-3 ratio on the New York Stock Exchange .
Under state policy , DeVries was to be returned to San Jose , where he was last convicted .
The high today will be about 92 degrees and will drop to 90 degrees Sunday and Monday .
" We don 't have new places to check , " Waco public information officer Steve Anderson said .
President Bush and top officials in his administration cited the threat from Iraq 's alleged chemical and biological weapons and nuclear weapons program as the main justification for going to war .
Goldman decided to increase its quarterly dividend to 25 cents a share from 12 cents , citing recent tax legislation as a primary factor behind the move .
The panels outline the twin towers ' history , including their construction , the 1993 bombing and their ultimate destruction by terrorists on Sept . 11 , 2001 .
Forty to 50 years ago , the ratio was about 3-to-1 , Kessler said , and 10 years ago , it was about 2-to-1 .
Smashed cars and buses , ruined buildings , scattered debris and spot fires added to the realism .
Instead of Ragusa 's remains , his family will bury a vial of blood he had donated to a bone marrow center .
Canada which is a major meat exporter to Japan , has threatened a trade backlash if Tokyo 's ban is not justified on scientific grounds .
Market sentiment was also cautious after International Business Machines Inc . IBM.N said that federal securities regulators had begun an investigating into its accounting .
Some conservative groups have staunchly opposed such programs , saying they send the wrong message and in effect encourage and enable teens to have sex before marriage .
" The numbers are starting to change very , very quickly , " Dr. Julie Gerberding , director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , said Thursday .
The move came just hours after the company 's Chief Executive Officer Phil Condit resigned .
People in a van opened fire on a pickup and SUV believed to be transporting illegal immigrants , said Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool .
It will also help reform the Royal Solomon Islands Police , strengthen the courts and prisons system and protect key institutions such as the Finance Ministry from intimidation .
The bus blast in Helmand happened early in the morning in Nadi Ali district , west of the provincial capital Lashkargah .
The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 17.48 points , or 1.06 percent , to 1,661.51 , based on the latest available figures .
From Broadway comedies like " The Seven Year Itch " ( 1952 ) , " Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter ? "
The scientists , not surprisingly , wanted to pick the minds of the Buddhist scholars about how they meditate .
Shares of Corixa fell 12 cents to $ 6.88 on the Nasdaq stock market .
When you crossed the line , you violated the constitutional right , " said Charles Weisselberg , who teaches law at the University of California , Berkeley .
Investigators matched the dead womans teeth to Aronovs dental records Wednesday morning , medical examiners spokeswoman Ellen Borakove said .
Cisco reported earnings of $ 987 million , or 14 cents a share , on revenue of $ 4.62 billion for the quarter ending in April .
In morning trading , the Dow Jones industrial average was down 8.76 , or 0.1 percent , at 9,310.20 , having gained 201 points Monday .
In an interview , Ms. Healey , who is a criminologist , said many lawmakers here and across the country shared a wariness toward capital punishment .
He said the problem needs to be corrected before the space shuttle fleet is cleared to fly again .
In Nigeria alone , the report estimated that between 100,000 and 1 million girls and women are suffering from the condition .
Ex-Bears star William ' the Refrigerator ' Perry competes in the Nathan 's Famous Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest Friday .
Against the Swiss franc the dollar was at 1.3289 francs , up 0.5 percent on the day .
Republican National Committee Chairman Ed Gillespie issued a letter Friday to CBS Television President Leslie Moonves .
With the purge , Siebel will have cut 2,400 employees - or nearly one-third of its workforce - since the end of 2001 .
After serving as a marine in World War II , he began submitting articles to magazines .
Troy faces life in prison without parole at his July 30 sentencing .
" I love the Catholic Church with all my heart , mind , soul and strength , " he said .
Mr. Woodley died Sunday at age 44 of liver and kidney failure in his native Shreveport , La .
But he said there was a " total fear to start with because you are completely at the mercy of the winds " .
Professor Moffitt said the results needed to be replicated before pursuing testing of individuals for the presence of the long or short versions of the gene .
Full classes of 48 each are booked through the end of September , he said , and the agency plans to double its classes in January .
The interest rate on Series EE savings bonds for May through October is 2.66 percent .
Authorities identified the tipster as Richard Powell , who is imprisoned for killing his landlady in 1982 .
Jordan Barowitz , a spokesman for Republican Mayor Michael Bloomberg said : " The Comptroller 's statements , while noteworthy for their sensationalism , bear no relation to the facts . "
The eliminations at Eddie Bauer come at all divisions and levels of the company , said Eddie Bauer spokeswoman Lisa Erickson .
Nevertheless , PeopleSoft must review Oracle 's tender offer and make a recommendation to shareholders .
Law enforcement officials confirmed that Limbaugh was being investigated by the Palm Beach County , Fla . , state attorney 's office .
Global HRT sales were worth $ 3.8bn ( 2.4bn ) in 2001 , according to Datamonitor , the London-based market research company .
Sir Richard was speaking after a meeting in London with Australian Tourism Minister Joe Hockey .
Voyager 1 was launched on September 5 , 1977 , 16 days after its companion , Voyager 2 .
The Standard Edition One is a single processor version of the Oracle Standard Edition Database .
The overall box office soared , with the top 12 movies grossing $ 157.1 million , up 52 percent from a year ago .
" The fire calmed down considerably overnight , then it rained , " said Andy Lyon , spokesman for the Douglas County fire command center .
Up to a foot of rain and at least seven tornadoes pounded southern Nebraska and northern Kansas , killing a man and destroying at least four homes .
The global death toll from SARS was at least 767 , with more than 8,300 people sickened since the virus first appeared in southern China in November .
The results appear in Thursday ’ s issue of the journal Nature .
" The bolt catcher is not as robust " as it should be , said retired Navy Admiral Harold W. Gehman Jr . , the board chairman .
Its attackers had to launch their strike from hundreds of metres away , with a makeshift rocket launcher disguised as a portable electric generator .
The losses occurred overnight in Willow Canyon , one of three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains threatened by the resurgent Aspen fire .
Three such vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organizer , who identified himself only as " Eleonora [ 67 ] , " to extend the contest until 3 p.m. Arizona time Sunday .
Nigeria and other African producers are increasingly important in the former Texas oilman 's plans to lessen dependence on Middle Eastern suppliers for energy security .
The benchmark S & P / TSX composite index rose 29.12 points yesterday to 7,633.61 .
" We must defend those whom we dislike or even despise , " said Neal Sonnett , a Miami lawyer who headed an ABA task force on enemy combatants .
The journal says : " Both are lifelong non-smokers whose primary interest is an accurate determination of the health effects of tobacco . "
Among CNN viewers , 29 percent said they were Republicans and 36 percent called themselves conservatives .
Passengers on that cruise are to be given a refund and voucher for another trip .
Oracle 's $ 19.50-a-share bid comes two days after PeopleSoft added cash to its original all-share deal with smaller rival J.D. Edwards & Co . JDEC.O .
Of those who signed the letter , 57 are senators , including 24 Republicans .
Shares of Coke were down 26 cents to close at $ 44.10 on the New York Stock Exchange .
Carnival Corp. stock was down 2.5 percent , or 81 cents , at $ 31.20 on the New York Stock Exchange .
Mills yesterday admitted , " We made some mistakes with this exam and it 's up to us to identify and correct them .
Cisco shares gained $ 1.28 in after-hours trading to $ 23.08 .
Also Thursday , the NYSE 's board elected six new directors to the board and re-elected six others .
The man had entered the post office on Woodside Avenue at Maine Avenue shortly before 3 p.m.
Nearly all of Ford 's second-quarter profit came from its Ford Credit finance arm , which earned $ 401 million , up 21.5 percent from a year earlier .
And Thursday , a former Intel exec blasted wireless as too insecure , too complicated , and too difficult to install .
" I think we are at a seminal moment in the history of this agency , " he said .
My judgment is 95 percent of that information could be declassified , become uncensored so the American people would know , " Mr. Shelby said on NBC 's " Meet the Press . "
Dell has 32 percent of the PC market in the United States , but it has only a 10 percent share in the rest of the world .
Muslim guerrillas attacked a town and took hostages Sunday as they withdrew from fighting that killed at least three people , the military and rebels said .
No tumors were detected ; rather , empty cavities and scar tissue were found in their place .
The researchers say that the fact the MAP bug is present in the vast majority of Crohns sufferers means it is almost certainly causing the intestinal inflammation .
The 30-year bond US30YT = RR lost 16 / 32 , taking its yield to 4.20 percent from 4.18 percent .
Passed in 1999 but never put into effect , the smoking law would have prevented bar and restaurant patrons from lighting up , but exempted private clubs from the regulation .
Nor has it said how many astronauts will be on board , through there reportedly could be as many as three .
Other gainers included Lexmark , which rose $ US3.95 to $ US63.35 , recouping some of the $ US14.10 it lost Monday .
" Selling it symbolically writes ' Finish ' to that chapter in the administration of our city 's schools , " he said .
" He 's a known killer who was a close associate of Sept . 11 mastermind Khalid Shaikh Mohammed .
Mr Estrada has denied any involvement in the plot .
Mr. Mills declined to comment yesterday , saying that he never discussed personnel matters .
A nationally known computer hacker is being sought on a federal arrest warrant stemming from a sealed complaint in New York , a federal defender in California said Friday .
It would be a daunting challenge for even the sharpest programming wizards : set up a secure computer network for the 190,000 workers in the Homeland Security Department .
Three retailers _ Dillard 's Inc . , Kohl 's Department Stores and Nordstrom Inc . _ got Fs .
The move to rein in the losses of the four upmarket food outlets comes as the retailer seeks to cap the cost of doing business .
Writing safe programs that demonstrate an infection vector is adequate without building in the reproductive sequences . "
Sharon has said he is willing to free Dirani and Obeid because holding them will not bring back Arad , who Israel believes is held by Iran .
The Securities and Exchange Commission brought a related civil case on Thursday .
He worked out how to get through the bone with his ``multi-tool ' ' -type knife , made duller by futile attempts to chip away at the rock .
The deal is subject to N2H2 approval and is expected to be complete during the final calendar quarter of 2003 .
The report was found last week tucked inside a training manual that belonged to Hicks .
To reach Brad Cooper , Johnson County municipal reporter , call ( 816 ) 234-7724 or send e-mail to bcooper @ kcstar.com.
No wonder AOL lost 846,000 subscribers last quarter .
Mr Blair and the Foreign Secretary , Jack Straw , have denied Ms Short 's claims that Britain has reneged on plans to involve the UN in the reconstruction of Iraq .
" We must not engage in borough warfare , " the Comptroller William Thompson told the Council , according to his written testimony .
As they wound through police barricades to the funeral home , many chanted " Celia , Celia . "
It is " in the hands of Mr Newton " as a US space agency ( Nasa ) astronaut once put it .
The seventh member of the cell , Habis Abdullah al Saoub , 37 , a Jordanian , remains at large .
Already in beta , Veritas ' File System , Volume Manager and Cluster Server products for SuSE Enterprise Linux Server should drop into the hands of customers in early 2004 .
He added that the decision will " throw a monkey wrench into the FCC 's efforts to develop a vitally important national broadband policy . "
The New Zealand Commerce Commission had given Westpac no indication whether it would have approved its deal .
Copps , one of two Democrats on the five-member commission , has pushed for harsher penalties against radio and television stations that violate indecency laws .
Since March 11 , when the market 's major indices were at their lowest levels since hitting multi-year lows in October , the tech-laden Nasdaq has climbed nearly 20 per cent .
Business groups and border cities have raised concerns that US-VISIT will mean longer lines that will damage cross-border commerce .
" But that does not clear them of the responsibility to do everything possible to minimize civilian harm . "
An artist painted a sign reading ``CAUTION Low Flying Planes ' ' on a building near ground zero , angering neighbors and stirring complaints .
The pictures were taken late Tuesday and early Wednesday as the as the planet made its closest pass by Earth in 60,000 years .
The two cases were from the University of Michigan , one involving undergraduate admissions and the other , law school admissions .
Two years ago , the House passed a similar version that floundered in the Senate .
The Dow Jones industrials briefly surpassed the 9,000 mark for the first time since December . "
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index < .IXIC > declined 25.78 points , or 1.56 percent , to 1,627.84 .
Axelrod died of heart failure while asleep at his Los Angeles home , said his daughter , Nina Axelrod .
Proceedings were taken up with prosecutors outlining their case against Amrozi , reading a 33-page accusation letter to the court .
Also Monday , one soldier died and three were wounded when their vehicle hit a land mine or a piece of unexploded ordnance in Baghdad .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 24.44 points , or 1.39 percent , at 1,739.87 .
We 're seeing some very high levels of widespread flu infections in some places , " said Dr. Julie Gerberding , director of the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
State television said the dead included seven Lebanese , four Egyptians , one Saudi , one Sudanese and four whose nationalities were not named .
Ohio Rep. Dennis Kucinich passed $ 1 million last week and was still counting money .
Changes in air pollution rules would be up to the Environmental Protection Agency .
She first went to a specialist for initial tests last Monday , feeling tired and unwell .
Both rebels and government forces , including those loyald to Taylor , have been accused of pillaging villages in Liberia 's countryside despite a peace deal .
A day earlier , a committee appointed by President Mohammad Khatami had called for an independent inquiry into the 54-year-old photojournalist 's death .
Whitney said officials evacuated a camp where 250 people were expected to arrive Sunday .
Grant Thornton claims that it too was the “ victim ” of a fraud .
Launched from space shuttle Atlantis ( news - web sites ) in 1989 , Galileo will have traveled about 2.8 billion miles by the time it hits Jupiter .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX edged down 9 points , or 0.98 percent , to 921 .
In a statement , Heyer said , " Dan brings to Coca-Cola enormous experience in managing some of the world 's largest and most familiar brands .
Park appeared to have been strangled and may have been sexually assaulted , Homicide Capt. Charles Bloom said .
The number of days when Texas beaches had swimming advisories dropped from 317 in 2001 to 182 last year .
And several Senate Republicans are cranky about the House map .
The warnings were issued on Djibouti , Eritrea , Ethiopia , Somalia , Tanzania and Uganda .
If accepted by the judge , Grass ' plea will leave Rite Aid 's former vice chairman and chief counsel , Franklin C. Brown , to stand trial alone next month .
The two others , former Dynegy executives Helen Christine Sharkey , 31 , and Gene Shannon Foster , 44 , pleaded guilty Tuesday to one count of conspiracy to commit securities fraud .
We have already found two trailers that we and the Americans believe were used for chemical and biological weapons . "
Freddie expects Brendsel to continue serving as chair of the Freddie Mac Foundation .
But when neither Justice O 'Connor nor any other justice announced a retirement when the court 's term ended in June , it was widely seen as making those campaigns moot .
" We 've destroyed about one half of al Qaeda , the top operators of al Qaeda , and that 's good .
The Episcopal Church , with 2.3 million members , is the U.S. branch of the 77 million-member Communion .
The protesters denounced the country 's supreme leader , hard-liner Ayatollah Ali Khamenei .
The test , in four sections , includes algebra and geometry , along with some questions on probability and statistics .
Shares of the Oak Brook , Ill.-based hamburger giant closed at $ 24.60 , up 51 cents , or 2.1 percent , on the New York Stock Exchange .
GBI spokesman John Bankhead said the murder scenes showed that the killer was very methodical .
The legislation came after U.S. District Judge Lee R. West in Oklahoma City ruled last week that the FTC lacked authority to run the registry .
A county firefighter , was struck by lightning and was in stable condition at Frankfort Regional Medical Center .
Stewart intends to declare her innocence if indicted and proceed to trial , her lawyer said .
July 10 - The Bush administration 's latest effort to expand the role of religious organizations in government services enlists church-based youth groups in anti-drug programs .
Car volume was down 8 percent , while light truck sales--which include vans , pickups and SUVs--rose 2.7 percent .
Microsoft also said it will tie stock awards for 600 or so executives to the growth and " satisfaction " in its customer base .
The National Transportation Safety Board had subpoenaed him , but he initially ignored the order .
But the North Korean nuclear crisis has dominated his time in office .
The SEC specifically advised IBM that this is a fact-finding investigation and that it has not reached any conclusions related to this matter .
According to the State Department list , about 25 nations have signed bilateral agreements in the past four months , about half in the past three weeks .
With the scandal hanging over Stewart 's company , revenue the first quarter of the year dropped 15 percent from the same period a year earlier .
President Bush signed a waiver exempting 22 countries because they had signed but not yet ratified immunity agreements .
Kline 's legal opinion differs from the interpretation issued by former Attorney General Bob Stephan in 1992 .
It would take three votes to kill the ACC 's expansion .
The EU 's agriculture representative in Washington said EU ministers were invited but canceled because the union is wrapping up talks on agricultural reform .
Another Chechen emergency ministry official , Ruslan Khadzhiyev , said the truck was carrying the equivalent of 1.6 tons of TNT .
The OneNote note-taking tool is listed at $ 273 while the InfoPath XML data gathering application is priced at $ 289 .
Yehuda Abraham , a 76-year-old jeweler from New York 's diamond district , accepted a $ 30,000 down payment on behalf of Lakhani for the first missile , investigators said .
Dr. Belding Scribner , inventor of a device that made long-term kidney dialysis possible and has saved more than a million lives , has died in Seattle at age 82 .
He says the release of a tarot card left at a shooting scene may have prolonged the spree by cutting off fragile communications with the sniper .
The lawsuit names Shelley , a Democrat , and registrars in Los Angeles , Orange and San Diego counties .
A lower court had considered Hamidi to be trespassing on the Santa Clara-based chipmaker 's servers , just as if somebody were squatting on a piece of physical private property .
Park rangers searched an abandoned lighthouse on Monomoy yesterday afternoon , but there was no sign of the two women , said Chatham Harbormaster Stuart Smith .
Between 1960 and 2000 , however , the state 's population grew by 30.4 percent to 6,080,485 .
" We strongly disagree with Novell 's position and view it as a desperate measure to curry favor with the Linux community , " McBride said .
That state will not emerge until the interim government decides on a process to write a new constitution and to hold the first democratic elections .
Mr Williams added that the Government had made it " very plain " to the US it did not support the death penalty for Hicks .
Peterson told police he left his wife at about 9 : 30 a.m. on Dec. 24 to fish alone in San Francisco Bay .
Analysts surveyed by Reuters Research expected earnings of 13 cents a share on revenue of $ 6.7 billion , on average .
A car and a house were hit in the new shootings , the chief deputy sheriff of Franklin County , Steve Martin , said .
TEGA is the product of University of Arizona planetary scientist William Boynton , co-investigator on the Phoenix mission .
" We have found the smoking gun , " investigating board member Scott Hubbard said .
That leaves about three dozen at risk of aid cutoffs , Boucher said without identifying them .
Lee , 33 , said the girl had dragged the food , toys and other things into her mother 's bedroom .
In the first half of this year , the company lost $ 56.7 million .
Advani said Pakistan should prove its sincerity by handing over suspects wanted by New Delhi for past bombings .
Last week , his lawyers asked Warner to grant clemency under certain conditions that would have lead to a new sentencing hearing .
Revenue was up a tad , from $ 610.6 million to $ 616.5 million .
Naval Academy spokesman Cmdr. Rod Gibbons said : ``Today 's announcement came as a surprise .
Claudia Gonzales Herrera , an assistant attorney-general in charge of the case , said the arrests showed that Guatemala took the defence of its Mayan heritage seriously .
Peter Deutsch , D-Fla . , said he wanted to congratulate the FDA .
The men were flown to nearby Botswana on an Air Malawi flight , the officials said .
" Of course , I want to win again , but it is worse when you have never won because you are anxious , " he said .
Governor Rod Blagojevich said he would not balance the state budget with gambling revenues .
The sponsors said they were not advocating the changes yet , but believed it was worth considering - especially as NATO expands to 26 members .
Media giant Vivendi Universal has given itself two weeks to sift through offers for its U.S. entertainment empire in a multi-billion dollar auction of some of Hollywood 's best-known assets .
Also Sunday , suspected rebels dynamited an oil pipeline in northeast Colombia .
Plaintiffs ' attorneys would get $ 4.1 million of the settlement .
The high court reversed a decision by a U.S. appeals court that upheld the law .
Palm will issue approximately 13.9 million shares of Palm common stock to Handspring 's shareholders .
A church minister was charged yesterday in the death of an 8-year-old autistic boy who suffocated as church leaders tried to heal him at a storefront church .
This is just the latest movement in a continuing trend toward open-source support among business application vendors .
Mosel had been unable to present financial statements in time because of mergers among subsidiaries and a change of accountants , the company said yesterday .
Shares of AstraZeneca , Europe ’ s second biggest drug company , rose 3 per cent on the New York Stock Exchange after the news .
A spokesman for the United States Attorney 's office in Manhattan had no comment .
Bombardier and Embraer will each deliver 85 jets by September 2006 , U.S. Airways said in a release .
Microsoft calls it : " A brand new client platform for building smart , connected , media-rich applications in Longhorn . "
" Rob Furst intends to defend the charges in court , " said Ira Lee Sorkin , Furst 's attorney .
Automatic gunfire rattled windows in the Qadesiya neighborhood at midday today , a largely Arab area that borders a Kurdish quarter .
A three-judge panel of the 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in St. Louis overturned a ruling issued last year that supported the ordinance .
Justice Antonin Scalia , Sandra Day O 'Connor and Clarence Thomas dissented from the ruling .
It also unveiled an update to its Windows Server 2003 operating system , which is tuned specifically for storage devices .
Many doctors say she is in a persistent vegetative state and cannot recover .
Simply put , shy invividuals tend to be more timid with new people and situations .
The new company will be named Interwoven and will be headquartered in Sunnyvale .
Sub-indexes measuring prices , new orders , inventories and exports increased .
The coalition passed some of the world 's most progressive social legislation , legalising gay marriage and euthanasia .
Maria de Jesus Quiej Alvarez and Maria de Teresa Quiej Alvarez arrived at the airport in separate ambulances .
Wild rock legend Ozzy Osbourne could be kept in intensive care for “ several days ” following his quad bike accident , his doctor said tonight .
The American Roman Catholic archdiocese of Boston has offered $ 55 million to settle more than 500 sex abuse lawsuits involving priests .
According to the company , it will be the first handset to ship with the Smartphone 2003 version of Microsoft 's ( Nasdaq : MSFT ) Windows Mobile software .
At least 13 flights out of Atlanta were listed as canceled .
Peterson , 30 , was arrested in La Jolla April 18 after the two bodies were identified through DNA tests .
The Pentagon statement said that allowing Hamdi access to a lawyer " is not required by domestic or international law and should not be treated as a precedent . "
Sumitomo Mitsui Financial ( JP : 8316 : news , chart , profile ) was down 2.5 percent at 198,000 yen .
Mr Hughes , who trains three hours a day to accelerate the healing process , has lost 17 kilos since October .
Peterson , 31 , is now charged with murder in the deaths of his 27-year-old wife and their unborn son .
Big Blue will integrate Adobe 's Form Server , Form Designer and Reader products with its DB2 Content Manager and DB2 CommonStore products designed for businesses .
Partway across the Atlantic , " He just heard two huge bangs and the balloon shuddered and fell , " the balloonist 's spokesperson Nicky Webster said .
Taylor is now expected to leave the broken shell of a nation founded by freed American slaves in the 19th century .
They found that 6.4 percent of men on finasteride had high-grade tumors , compared to 5.1 percent taking a placebo .
" It was one of the few times in my life when I felt that we were truly being treated as Americans . "
But six months ago , the two sides managed to strike a $ 6.8-billion debt rollover deal , which expires in August .
In early trading , the Dow Jones industrial average was down 39.94 , or 0.4 percent , at 8,945.50 , having slipped 3.61 points Monday .
The percentage of Californians without health insurance was unchanged , the report showed .
Feeling rejection as an acute pain may have developed as a defence mechanism for the species , Eisenberger said .
There is no clear successor for Mr. O 'Neill at Hyundai .
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 79.43 points , or 0.86 percent , to 9,117.12 on Friday .
In Millville yesterday , Mayor James Quinn ordered all city flags flown at half-staff for the next 30 days .
All three were studied for fingerprints , DNA and other traces of evidence , but there has been no testimony yet about what the tests might have yielded .
" You know I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life , " Limbaugh said Friday on his program .
The justices declined without comment to review a lower-court ruling that said doctors should be able to speak frankly with their patients .
An FBI statement said legal proceedings were expected Monday in federal court in Baltimore .
Testing at a Massachusetts State Police lab and a private Virginia lab has not been able to determine whether the swimsuit belonged to Bish , Conte said yesterday .
Lucent shares fell 8 cents , or 4.19 percent , to $ 1.83 a share in morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange .
" The question that has to be penetrated is how did 38 visits over two years not rescue these children from slow torture and starvation , " Ryan said in an interview .
As he left the court , McCartney cast a long , angry glare at Amrozi , who tried to hide behind his lawyer .
" We don 't want to go to war with anybody . . . it 's always very much a last resort , and one to be avoided .
Wal-Mart , Kohl 's Corp. and Big Lots Inc. were among the merchants posting May sales below Wall Street 's modest expectations .
Since it was launched Monday , the SiteFinder service has drawn widespread criticism from Internet users who complain that VeriSign has overstepped its authority .
October heating oil ended down 0.41 cent to 70.74 cents a gallon .
Emmy and Golden Globe Award-winners James Brolin and Judy Davis star as Ronald and Nancy Reagan in The Reagans .
Barrera said Luster gave police a false name immediately after his arrest Wednesday but later revealed his true identity .
" For me , the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents . "
" You know I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life , " Limbaugh said during a stunning admission aired nationwide .
Telemarketing Associates , hired by VietNow , raised $ 7.1 million from 1987 to 1995 .
Stocks rebounded on Friday on hopes the government would next week adopt some of the market boosting proposals discussed on Thursday at a meeting of the top economic advisory panel .
An evaluation of 240 arthritis patients suggested there was no overall net clinical benefit from taking the medicine , the companies said in a statement distributed by Business Wire .
Two hours later , at 3 : 22 p.m. , a relative contacted police to report a suicide .
Burrell said Diana wrote a letter in October 1996 claiming there was a plot to kill her in a smash and gave it to him to keep as insurance .
The Nasdaq composite index dropped 6.8 percent , and the Standard & Poor 's fell 4.9 percent .
The case decided Monday centered around an Illinois fund-raiser , Telemarketing Associates .
Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld and others argued that Saddam Hussein ( news - web sites ) possessed chemical , biological and other weapons and was hiding them .
Mr. Bergonzi was the chief financial officer from 1995 until his departure , and was intimately involved in many of the alleged schemes to pump up Rite Aid 's earnings .
The only passenger airline serving Baghdad , Royal Jordanian , said it was suspending service for three days .
Its first decisions were to scrap all holidays honoring Saddam and his outlawed Baath Party and to create a new public holiday marking the day of his downfall .
They argue that proposed congressional redistricting maps reviewed by the Legislature would disenfranchise minorities and rural Texas .
According to the GBI , Ms. Peeler and Mr. Jones were never legally married but had a common-law marriage .
The arrest came hours after the girl turned up at a convenience store several cities away and helped lead police to her alleged abductor .
The GAO found that cable rates have increased by 40 percent during the past five years , far above the 12 percent inflation in that period .
Dan Powers , IBM vice president of grid-computing strategy , says he 's not worried about off-the-shelf PC clusters threatening traditional supercomputer sales .
The Sonoma was later found near the Tacoma Cemetery , south of the Tacoma Mall .
Lawrence E. Alibozek , his former deputy chief of staff , pleaded guilty to accepting cash and gold coins in exchange for influencing state contracts .
Several states and the federal government later passed similar or more strict bans .
It 's just another example of the global war on terrorism and why this is going to be a long effort . "
Berkshire Hathaway made profits of $ 1.7 billion in the first three months of this year alone , its best performance .
Police arrested on Friday the chief suspect in the murder of the top state official on the unruly French island of Corsica , Interior Minister Nicolas Sarkozy said .
Since March 11 , when the markets major indexes were at their lowest levels since hitting multiyear lows in October , the tech-laden Nasdaq has climbed nearly 20 percent .
The Web site said Dr. Aronov had passed two lie detector tests , one administered by the police .
" But success requires more than American assistance , " Bush said in the first speech to a joint session of Philippine Congress by a U.S. president since Dwight Eisenhower in 1960 .
" Iran should be on notice that attempts to remake Iraq in Iran 's image will be aggressively put down , " he said .
Two other priests , the Revs Daniel C Clark and James Hargadon , and a former priest , Bruce Ewing , are awaiting trial .
Stewart also faces a separate investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission .
According to the writer of the letter , the infant was " placed on the bed in a baby blanket " by a nurse .
He continued , " although the preconditions for recovery remain in place , " prospects for British exports were " weaker than previously expected . "
A federal judge Thursday granted a request by the Food and Drug Administration to shut down Rx Depot , a popular Internet company that sells cheaper prescription drugs from Canada .
SCO said it terminated Sequent 's contract due to improper transfer of the company 's source code and development methods into Linux .
The American troops from 3-15 infantry , who also defend the compound of the Falluja mayor , have been attacked on two occasions .
Peterson was arrested near Torrey Pines Golf Course in La Jolla on April 18 , the same the day the bodies were identified through DNA testing .
" There are some who feel like conditions are such that they can attack us there , " Bush told reporters at the White House on Wednesday .
However , the new vaccine won 't begin to be tested in people until 2005 and won 't be approved for use for several years after that .
Texas lawmakers must close a $ 185.9 million budget gap by the middle of July or the schools wont open in September , Comptroller Carole Keeton Strayhorn said Thursday .
Seven of nine Democratic candidates for president also said they would participate in the conference Monday .
It turned out that the " weapon " was part of a Halloween costume .
She was taken to Charing Cross Hospital , where she remained critically ill last night .
Health Minister Manto-Tshabalala Msimang is not fit to preside over an anti-retroviral treatment rollout plan , according to some opposition parties .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX gained 13.68 points , or 1.42 percent , at 977.27 .
In 1999 , two years before his death , Mr. Nielsen told an interviewer that he thought the rock face would outlive him by many years .
The court 's three-judge tribunal was expected to give its verdict next February .
Following ATP 's notification by Hewitt 's lawyers that action was pending , it issued another statement in April which Hewitt has added to his suit .
The House of Representative passed an identical amendment on Sept . 9 , by a 227-188 vote .
The newly unsealed 32-count indictment alleges money laundering and conspiracy and " strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug-trafficking world , " Jiménez said .
" It was to fly a plane into the White House , " Mr. Karas said .
There was no way the man could hear him , but he turned and mouthed something .
Smith ruled that the state 's tax falls on the tobacco consumer , not the tribe , making the tribe simply an agent for collecting the tax .
North Shore-Long Island Jewish Health System announced plans for a tissue bank earlier this month .
The announcement comes one day after Scott Charney , Microsoft 's global security chief , reiterated Microsoft 's promises to simplify the way it distributes patches to customers .
The city index outperformed the Dow Jones industrial average , which rose 2.9 percent during the four-day trading week .
SACRAMENTO A nationally known itinerant computer hacker faces a federal arrest warrant on a sealed federal complaint in New York , a federal defender in California said Friday .
Civil liberties groups filed suit , and U.S. District Judge Myron Thompson ordered the monument moved last October , calling it an unconstitutional promotion of religion by government .
Handspring 's shareholders will receive 0.09 Palm shares ( and no shares of PalmSource ) for each share of Handspring common stock they own .
The House voted 256-170 on Tuesday to approve the bill sponsored by Rep. Scott McInnis , R-Colo .
Kathy Nicolo ( Jennifer Connelly ) is desperate that her family not find out that her life has fallen apart .
The cause of death is drowning , and the manner of death is homicide , Prowers County Coroner Joe Giadone said .
A base configuration with a 2.4GHz Pentium 4 , 128MB of RAM , a 40GB hard drive , and a CD-ROM drive costs $ 699 .
The decision is among the far-reaching deregulatory actions made during the Bush administration .
" A lot of things ( were said ) , but I 'd prefer to leave it on the field , " he said .
Accusations of improper activity are as false today as when the Democrats first made them . "
Like the Power4 , the Power5 contains two processor cores on one chip .
An electronic implant has helped Limbaugh regain most of his hearing .
Ryan Harvey , a high school outfielder from Florida , was chosen sixth by the Cubs .
Farmers say they have increased the numbers of dogs they keep for protection , although some packs are used to hunt depleted wildlife .
But Democrats can block any potential nominee through a filibuster if they can get 41 votes .
On Jan. 12 , 1996 , two of his nude models were arrested atop of a Manhattan snowdrift , posed beneath an ice-cream parlor sign that advertised " Frozen Fantasies . "
" I go to their website and start complaining to them , would you please , please , please stop bothering me , " Mr. Booher told a reporter .
Robinson 's election was hailed in some quarters as a major breakthrough for gay rights , but condemned by others as a " rebellion against God 's created order . "
Only 29 families of frogs are known , most of which were named by the mid-1800s .
Charlie Chan is off the case for the Fox Movie Channel .
She met Lady Mary for the first time at her Double Bay home in Sydney yesterday to thank her in person for the donation .
Their belief was based on speculation that estrogen prevents cell damage and improves blood flow .
Imam Samudra is charged with playing a key role in the planning and execution of the Oct. 12 attacks , that killed 202 people , mostly foreign tourists .
Also at increased risk are those with suppressed immune systems due to illness or medicines .
He said he wasn 't bothered by polls and that he would continue to do what he believed to be right , in both foreign and domestic policy .
Wall Street analysts had expected 22 cents a share , according to Thomson First Call .
The variant the juvenile allegedly created was known as " RPCSDBOT . "
Fires in Spain 's Extramadura region bordering Portugal , and Avila province forced hundreds of people to leave their homes .
" Mr. Florence died Thursday of heart failure , " said the couple 's lawyer , Maranda Fritz .
Its cumulative total is $ 232.8 million , heading for $ 275 million .
Results from No. 2 U.S. soft drink maker PepsiCo Inc . ( nyse : PEP - news - people ) were likely to be in the spotlight .
Milberg Weiss Bershad Hynes & Lerach filed the lawsuit , which seeks class-action status , on behalf of the Southern Alaska Carpenters Pension Fund in federal court in Manhattan .
Bremer will focus on the politics and Garner on the rest of the reconstruction efforts , Garner said , adding that Bremer will arrive in Iraq by next week .
President George Bush called the blackout " a wake-up call " to modernise the nation 's power-sharing system .
History aside , the diary reveals a colorful , witty , introspective and irreverent president outspoken in his disdain for life in the White House .
He also noted that Tenet has provided the committee with 19 volumes of documents on prewar intelligence which has been made available to House members .
IBM shares closed up $ 1.75 , or 2.11 percent , at $ 84.50 on the New York Stock Exchange .
The search was concentrated in northeastern Pennsylvania , but State Police Trooper Tom Kelly acknowledged that Selenski could be out of the area .
At that time , Rambus accused Infineon of patent infringement and Infineon countersued Rambus for breach of contract and fraud .
He plans to announce the effort formally tomorrow in Cincinnati alongside several union presidents .
Since October 2001 , American has laid off 6,149 flight attendants , according to George Price , a union spokesman .
Microsoft Corp. is preparing changes to its Internet Explorer ( IE ) browser because of a patent verdict against it , the company said Friday .
Bristol shares rose $ 1.30 , or 5 percent , to $ 28.20 , after closing at $ 26.90 on the New York Stock Exchange .
This means Berlusconi will be safe from prosecution until his term ends in 2006 , unless his government falls before then .
Health officials confirmed Tuesday that a northeast Kansas woman has the state 's first case of monkeypox and the first case west of the Mississippi River .
The Federal Open Market Committee will end its two-day policy-setting meeting and announce its decision on Wednesday .
Both the S & P 500 and the Nasdaq indexes have scored three straight weeks of gains .
A new VPN server built into Panther Server supports Mac OS X , Windows or UNIX clients using PPTP and L2TP tunneling protocols .
" Of course , I want to win again , but I think it 's worse when you have never won because you get anxious .
Yang was to dine on specially designed packets of shredded pork with garlic and " eight treasure " rice , washed down with Chinese tea , state media said .
One month after Hurricane Claudette pounded Texas , hurricane warnings were posted Friday along parts of the coast as fast-moving Tropical Storm Erika churned across the gulf .
But in the first 30 seconds of the bout , family members knew it was an uneven match , Jodie Meyers , Stacy Young 's sister , said .
Pen Hadow became the first man last week to reach the geographic North Pole on an unsupported trek through Canada , a journey of about 770 km .
I never attended a youth camp organised by that diocese . "
" It 's a huge black eye , " said publisher Arthur Ochs Sulzberger Jr . , whose family has controlled the paper since 1896 .
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rose 41.61 points , or 0.44 percent , to 9,415.82 .
Maj-Gen Jeffery said he would give his military pension to charity while he served at Yarralumla .
The American Chamber of Commerce and InvestHK , which oversees investment into the territory , is talking to other bands to replace the Stones .
TNK-BP has six oil producing units , five refineries and 2,100 filling stations .
" We can 't change the past , but we can do a lot about the future , " Sheehan said hours after arriving in Phoenix .
We will accede to the request while we explore all of our options , " said Russell Lewis , executive vice president of VeriSign 's Naming and Directory Services Group .
The impact of natural-gas shortages " will touch virtually every American , " Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham warned yesterday .
The U.S.-backed Governing Council named the cabinet of 25 ministers on Monday , most of them little-known .
" Ximian brings Novell unparalleled Linux expertise . . . [ and strengthens ] our ability to work with and leverage open source initiatives more constructively . "
The North Atlantic Treaty Organisation on Monday assumes command of the 4.600-strong International Security Assistance Force ( ISAF ) which is helping with security and reconstruction in the Afghan capital .
CS Financial Services made a 666 million franc net profit , six percent less than in the fourth quarter of last year .
Forward pricing : Law that states mutual fund shares bought after 4 p.m. ET are priced at the next day 's closing net asset value .
Hundreds of reporters and photographers swamped the town and the short hearing involving the five-time All-Star was carried live on national cable networks .
When I talked to him last time , did I think it was the end-all ?
The teen was in critical condition at Sacred Heart Medical Center , police said in a news release .
The broader market also retreated , having climbed higher for four consecutive weeks .
Former prisoner of war Pfc. Jessica Lynch is winning admiration in her hometown all over again for the courage to reveal she was raped by her Iraqi captors .
" I was in the water for about eight seconds .
He added , " There 's just too many leaks in Washington , and if there is a leak out of my administration , I want to know who it is .
The NASD alleges that the analyst flew multiples times on Tyco 's corporate jets for business trips , sometimes accompanied by Kozlowski .
While he said " many good people work in the telemarketing industry , the public is understandably losing patience with these unwanted phone calls , unwanted intrusions .
The reports are among several published this week in the Journal of Allergy and Clinical Immunology .
" East Africa has been an area of terrorist threats and indeed terrorist attacks in the past , " said State Department spokesman Philip Reeker .
Using bookmarks and back and forth buttons -- we had about eighteen different things we had in mind for the browser . "
" Kahuku Ranch has world-class qualities — tremendous resources , tremendous beauty and tremendous value to global biodiversity , " he said .
In Las Vegas , federal agents stormed two clubs - Cheetah 's and Jaguars - along with Galardi Enterprises , an office atop a bar in downtown .
" It 's amazing to be part of an industry that rewards its young , " said Hernandez , who only graduated from Parsons School of Design last May .
Several of the audience questions were new to the candidates as well .
The legal settlement resolves the private anti-trust lawsuit filed against Microsoft in January 2002 by AOL Time Warner 's America Online unit on behalf of its Netscape subsidiary .
Just five months ago , Dean committed to accepting taxpayer money and the spending limits that come with it and vowed to attack any Democrat who didnt .
" The energy task force evaluated regions of the world that are vital to global energy supply , " the statement said .
Eustachy disclosed this week that he is an alcoholic and is seeking treatment .
The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 6.52 points , or 0.39 percent , at 1,645.66 .
Elsewhere in Europe , Philips was up 3.8 percent after saying on Friday it was seeing positive developments with its U.S. dollar sales .
Telemarketers who call numbers on the list after Oct. 1 could face fines of up to $ 11,000 per call .
Pharmacy Guild president Richard Heslop said it highlighted the need for product regulation .
The pressure on Peter Hollingworth to resign as Governor-General intensified last night as three Anglican bishops said it was time for their former colleague to step down .
This is a process and there will be other opportunities for people to participate in the rebuilding of Iraq . "
That beat the company 's April earnings forecast of 8 to 9 cents a share .
It is almost certain to exacerbate the divisions between Washington and Europe that emerged before the war in Iraq .
It supports the Windows CE , Palm , Symbian , and Linux operating systems .
Whole Nine Yards , " and written by first-time screenwriters Elizabeth Hunter and Saladin K. Patterson .
The House Republican leadership said it expected to call members back Dec. 8 for a vote on the omnibus bill .
Former Secretary of State Bill Jones , another potential major candidate , had not divulged his plans Tuesday .
" I 've played Brazilian music , but I 'm not Brazilian .
His movies include " Malcolm X , " " Summer of Sam , " " Jungle Fever " and " Do the Right Thing . "
" By its actions , the Bush administration threatens to give a bad name to a just war , " the Connecticut Democrat told a Capitol Hill news conference .
The Dow Jones industrial average finished the day down 98.32 points at 9,011.53 .
Because it takes Neptune 165 years to orbit the Sun its seasons will last for decades .
Powers said almost all supercomputer users would rather pay the $ 100,000 to $ 10 million for a supercomputer than try to build their own .
Rivers were also drying up - a stretch of Danube passing through the Balkans dropped so low that wrecks of World War II boats became visible .
The company has reached agreement on the terms for buying the paper division of the Dutch office supplies group Buhrmann , the largest paper distributor in Europe .
" That 's one reason why I 'm running to be president of the United States . "
In the landmark ruling regarding New York City schools , the Court of Appeals ordered the Legislature and Gov. George Pataki to fix the funding system by July 30 , 2004 .
With the Fourth of July weekend approaching , state parks such as Parvin State Park in Salem County will be open .
She was the only woman employed as a warehouse worker and heavy equipment operator and the only woman in her Teamsters local .
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI was down 63.09 points , or 0.68 percent , at 9,270.70 .
The Royals chose Chris Lubanski , a high school outfielder from Pennsylvania who hit .528 , with the fifth pick .
Sir Wilfred Thesiger , writer , explorer and chronicler of the world 's vanishing ways of life , has died at age 93 .
Flagship drug sales rose 21 percent excluding exchange rate swings and nine percent in francs to 10.31 billion , while diagnostics sales fell one percent in francs to 3.57 billion .
His wife Yekaterina Dmitriyeva , whom he married in a first ever space wedding by a space phone during his daunting mission , was waiting for him in Moscow .
A senior air force official and a member of Parliament also died in the crash , it said .
But butterflies housed under an earlier light cycle , 1 a.m. to 1 p.m. , flew toward the southeast .
We intend to provide them with choices to help them run Linux in a legal and fully-paid for way . "
The scientists ' research is being published today in the journal Science ( www.sciencemag.org ) .
Atlanta 's Hartsfield International Airport will be the testing site next month for a nationwide security system that will collect fingerprints and take photographs of millions of foreign visitors each year .
Dittemore announced his plans to resign on April 23 .
He said , from a science standpoint , the city 's last case was April 19 , so the all clear day was actually yesterday .
Its shares fell $ 9.61 to $ 50.26 , ranking as the NYSE 's most-active issue and its biggest percentage loser .
Lindsay Frost and Dylan Baker played Elizabeth Smart 's parents .
Note the subheading of this terrible parable in the " American Masters " series , " Arthur Miller , Elia Kazan and the Blacklist : None Without Sin . "
" Although some firms show BPO savings , vendors overstate their current offerings , " McCarthy said in a statement .
His protest triggered a 47-hour standoff with police that led to huge traffic jams as commuters backed up in downtown Washington and Northern Virginia .
" We make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attack , " said Barbara Comstock , Justice Department spokeswoman .
Many of the victims had been headed home for R & R or emergency leave when they were killed .
U.S. administration officials said Snow 's rate comments were not reflective of Washington 's policy and were merely an observation about the economy .
Canada will not consider sending more troops to Afghanistan until its current 12-month peacekeeping mission is complete , Prime Minister Jean Chretien said Saturday .
Mr Estrada , who is in prison , has denied any involvement in the mutiny .
Her detention brings to 19 the number of the 55 who have been caught .
Ontario Premier Ernie Eves announced yesterday that a former judge would conduct an independent investigation of how the province and city handled SARS .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index < .SPX > was up 9.05 points , or 0.94 percent , at 972.64 .
" If that ain 't a Democrat , then I must be at the wrong meeting , " he said to a standing ovation .
Commenting on the firing today , Ms. Novikova said that there was no standard weight for ballerinas but that Ms. Volochkova " is bigger than others . "
It has no jurisdiction over his pay but does oversee the exchange 's regulatory powers .
Nationally , the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recorded 4,156 cases of West Nile , including 284 deaths .
There are no plans to build permanent U.S. bases in Africa , Defense Department officials say .
A few tried to rush the podium , and at least one graduate tossed his cap and gown to the stage before leaving .
Intel said midway through its quarter , which ended in June , that business was exactly as expected .
He also objects to the sales and personal income tax increases in the package .
" Dick is going to be there as long as Dick wants to be there . "
Identical wording was introduced in the Senate last week by three Republicans : Wayne Allard of Colorado , Jeff Sessions of Alabama and Sam Brownback of Kansas .
It was to fly a plane in the White House . "
Under the proposed terms of the transaction , and following the spinoff of PalmSource , Palm will exchange 0.09 shares for each share of Handspring .
Scholars in medical ethics have said the notion of medicating people to improve their mental health to the point where they may be executed can present formidable obstacles for doctors .
The card is issued by Mexico 's consulates to its citizens living abroad and shows the date of birth , a current photograph and the address of the cardholder .
Galveston County District Attorney Kurt Sistrunk told Criss Wednesday his office only this week received the recordings .
Contribute 2 costs 69 for an individual license , the same as the existing version .
Tampa Bay manager Lou Piniella , bench coach John McLaren and Huff all were ejected in the middle of the ninth .
" The legislation I 'm proud to sign today benefits the entire state of Illinois , every town , every city , every citizen .
De Sole said in the results statement that group performance would improve in the second half of the year and beyond .
The Rev. Christopher J. Coyne , spokesman for the archdiocese , wouldn 't comment Friday .
The two groups said they would collaborate on the design of future memory technologies .
The United States and Russia spent billions on a dozen or so robotic craft meant to land on Mars and radio back their findings .
On March 6 , the board , most of whose members were appointed by Gov. George Pataki , unanimously agreed to impose the hikes .
That wasn 't all : by 2010 , Mr. O 'Neill said , he hoped Hyundai would sell 1 million vehicles annually in the United States .
That federal investigation is separate from an informal inquiry by the Securities and Exchange Commission .
More developed APEC members say failure to fight terror will be a cost in itself .
Their difference was over whether the court should take into account the legal opinions of other world courts , like the European Court of Human Rights .
Kerr , who won three NBA titles with Chicago and one with the Spurs in 1999 , finished with 12 points , three assists and two rebounds .
The bulk of the bill - $ 64.7 billion - goes for military operations primarily in Iraq and Afghanistan .
The largest number of arrests , about 400 , were on charges of manufacturing or distributing child pornography on the Internet .
In contrast , he said , West Nile virus made 4,156 people ill and killed 284 in the United States and Canada last year .
McCloskey died Sunday afternoon in his home after a year-long battle with bladder cancer .
" We need to change old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual . "
Wal- Mart , Kohl 's Corp. , Family Dollar Stores Inc . , and Big Lots Inc. posted May sales that fell below Wall Street 's modest expectations .
Massachusetts has no state death penalty , and only once before -- in Michigan -- has the federal death penalty been given in a state without capital punishment .
A race observer sits in the passenger seat of the follow vehicle to record any broken rules and also keep track of the car 's time .
The statewide unemployment rate fell to 6.4 percent , down from a revised 6.7 percent in August .
Medical experts said Blair 's problem was worrying but relatively common and easily manageable .
Oracle shares also rose on the news , up 15 cents to $ 13.51 on the Nasdaq .
BALI bomber Amrozi claims he was inspired to launch an attack on the tourist island after his Australian boss revealed Bali was a haven for sinful behaviour of Westerners .
Merrill Lynch did not admit to wrongdoing in the accord .
Passenger Keith Charlton , who also tackled the attacker , praised the efforts of the injured chief flight attendant .
Paul Durousseau , 32 , was charged Tuesday with murder in five Jacksonville slayings between December and February , and in a 1997 Georgia killing .
Black Democratic leaders were trying to arrange a meeting with Democratic National Committee Chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoffs of 10 minority staffers at party headquarters .
Now they were waiting to see if Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan would try to repair the damage done to bond prices in his testimony to the House next week .
In the total external disk storage system market , McArthur said revenue increased 1.5 percent year-over-year in Q3 to $ 3.2 billion .
Any payment to investors will be delayed , potentially for years , until the securities lawsuits against the brokerage firms are resolved .
" Approximately 60 percent of all national advertisers do not yet advertise in Spanish . "
The movie opened over the weekend in the number one spot and the companion game has been on sale since late last month .
Bond also voiced his disappointment that neither President Bush nor his brother attended this conference in Florida or last year 's conference in Texas .
The group expects to roll out the first products by the second half of 2004 .
In a statement , Microsoft said the dividend is payable Nov. 7 to shareholders of record on Oct. 17 .
Jim Guest , president of Consumers Union , said the Supreme Court did not address the merits of the case .
Since 2001 , the agency has closed bookstores in San Francisco , Boston , Philadelphia , Chicago , Birmingham , Ala . , Cleveland , Columbus , Ohio , and Washington .
The defeat of the ninth seed Daniela Hantuchova on Wednesday was the only thing to disrupt the otherwise orderly second-round progress in the Serena Williams half of the women 's draw .
He was given leave to appeal against part of his conviction and sentence .
Paracha faces at least 17 years in prison if convicted .
He has a very good reputation , " RT Jones analyst Juli Niemann said of Grant .
" Events on our system , in and of themselves , could not account for the widespread nature of the outage , " Burg said .
Adolescent specialist Dr. Michael Cohen , who worked on the study , said doctors had treated 8-year-old children with anorexia _ and that he had once treated a 4-year-old boy .
Some 660 prisoners from 42 countries are being held at the Naval base at Guantanamo Bay , many captured during the war against Al Qaeda in Afghanistan .
The stock lost some three quarters of its value after the initial February 24 bombshell disclosure .
Lawyers for the telemarketers said there was no logical connection between the registry 's limited scope and advancing that interest .
The New York Stock Exchange suspended trading yesterday in Loral , which closed at $ 3.01 Friday .
Computer Associates , EMC , IBM , Sun Microsystems , and VERITAS are also onboard to support the storage standard .
The Securities and Exchange Commission filed a civil fraud suit against the teen in Boston .
From there he plans to visit South Africa and make stops in Botswana , Uganda and Nigeria .
The head of the local disaster unit , Gyorgy Heizler , said the coach driver had failed to heed red stop lights .
Analysts have estimated that the two networks could fetch as much as $ 7 billion .
The results , published in the Journal of the American Medical Association , involved just 47 heart attack patients .
Many compensation experts had predicted that Carty would get a generous severance package because his voluntary resignation helped preserve the concessions , the Fort Worth Star-Telegram reported .
Authorities looked to the public yesterday for help in solving the deadly sniper-style shootings of three people outside Charleston-area convenience stores .
" We make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attacks , " said Barbara Comstock , Ashcroft 's press secretary .
Digital download sales of recorded albums and singles will be included in the album and singles sales charts , respectively .
Artists are worried the plan would harm those who need help most - performers who have a difficult time lining up shows .
Taxpayers unsure if they are owed refunds can use interactive features on the IRS Web site to track refunds or advance child credit payments .
Still pending against Rambus is a lawsuit brought by the Federal Trade Commission .
He had also said on the eve of Monday 's talks that an interest rate cut by the European Central Bank , which meets on Thursday , would be welcome .
Hunt 's attorneys filed a motion Monday seeking to have Hunt 's conviction thrown out based on the new evidence .
Moore has said he plans to appeal the matter to the U.S. Supreme Court .
The only other JI member to reveal similar information is Omar al Faruq , now held by the United States at a secret location .
The next government is expected quickly to come under pressure to hand over iwar criminals or risk losing crucial Western aid .
The information was first printed yesterday in the New York Times .
The name for the robot , due to be launched at 2 : 05 p.m. ( 7 : 05 p.m. ) on Sunday , was selected from among 10,000 names submitted by U.S.
Yeager said the incident appeared to be isolated , but the suspect showed tendencies of being a prior offender .
Lee , 33 , said the girl had dragged the food , toys and other things into her mother 's bedroom .
He added Democrats are not going to make progress if we dont broaden the tent .
Infogrames is to change its name to Atari when NASDAQ opens for trading tomorrow .
" Californians understand that we have some real problems ... and they want commonsense solutions , and recall isn 't one of them , " said Davis adviser Roger Salazar .
Nearly half - 45 percent - are for shopping or running errands .
" The whole thing is a travesty , " fumed Brent Newbury , president of the Rockland County Patrolmen 's Benevolent Association .
" Nevertheless , I believe the Patriot Act has turned out to be , on balance , a terrible mistake . "
The 30-year bond US30YT = RR firmed 14 / 32 , taking its yield to 4.19 percent from 4.22 percent .
The newspaper Okaz reported that the six suspects arrested Sunday fled the raid in a car that broke down on the outskirts of Mecca .
A gunman stormed into the Lakeside post office and took two employees hostage Wednesday , San Diego County authorities said .
Declining issues outnumbered advancers slightly more than 3 to 1 on the New York Stock Exchange .
AAA spokesman Jerry Cheske said prices might have affected some plans , but cheap hotel deals made up for it .
Already , China 's moves are sending ripples through the region .
A law enforcement source in Palm Beach County , where Limbaugh owns a $ 24 million oceanfront mansion , said last week that Limbaugh 's drug use is still under investigation .
The budget office said one provision of the Senate bill accounted for $ 40 billion of the cost .
The Commission has publicly said one of its goals is to ensure other producers ' server software can connect to desktop computers running Windows as easily as Microsoft 's can .
Australia 's 9 million income taxpayers received surprise tax cuts of between $ 3 and $ 11 a week from Treasurer Peter Costello last night .
Channel Nine has been billed as the most popular commercial station after recently recording 26 consecutive weeks on top of the ratings .
In afternoon trading in Europe , France 's CAC-40 fell 1.6 percent , Britain 's FTSE 100 dropped 1.2 percent and Germany 's DAX index lost 1.9 percent .
In 2001 , the number of people on death row dropped for the first time in a decade .
Music mogul Simon Cowell 's new TV dating show has made its debut in the US .
Investigators continue to probe virtually every aspect of Campbell 's personal and financial affairs , the former mayor has said .
The main change , said CNN president Jim Walton , was a fundamental shift in the way the network collected its news .
Jewish and Muslim leaders objected to the proposals , which were never approved .
Prosecutors said interviews Peterson gave reporters may have been monitored in case the fertilizer salesman confessed .
That was 4 cents higher than the expectations of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call .
The Bombardier and Embraer aircraft will be delivered to U.S. Airways by September 2006 .
The company added : " IBM believes that the investigation arises from a separate investigation by the SEC of a customer of IBM 's Retail Store Solutions unit .
The priests went through church channels first , exercising their rights under canon law .
She was booked out of view of the media , then released without bail until her next court appearance June 19 .
The breakthrough technology was presented by Intel scientists at a conference in Japan .
The Dow Jones industrial average was up 17 points to 9,090 , while the Nasdaq composite index fell 10 points to 1,601 .
Before yesterday , 19 firefighters assigned to wildfires had died on duty this year , said Tracey Powers , spokeswoman for the National Interagency Fire Center in Boise .
The Standard & Poor 's paper products index .GSPPAPR was one of the leading sectors , up 2 percent .
" Then they moved inside the mosque and started firing on the people . "
Police detained Khodorkovsky early on Saturday when his jet made a refueling stop in the Siberian city of Novosibirsk .
The new jury consisted of eight blacks , two whites and two jurors of Guyanese descent .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX gained 5.51 points , or 0.56 percent , to 981.73 .
Children get sick from drinking the water : The United Nations Office of the Humanitarian Coordinator for Iraq last week reported that cases of diarrhea have tripled in Baghdad .
A jury convicted novelist Michael Peterson Friday of bludgeoning his wife of five years in the stairwell of their home .
Nearly 6,000 MTA drivers and train operators then walked off the job in solidarity .
A downturn in services activity in March was the only break in what has been broad growth in services for the past 15 months .
The seizure of the money was confirmed by a United States Treasury official assigned to work with Iraqi financial officers here to rebuild the country 's banking and financial system .
Mrs. Boncyk 's husband , Wayne , had taken the family 's only car to work , so she and the children had to catch a ride with neighbors .
JAPAN added to growing international pressure on Burma yesterday , threatening to halt its hefty economic aid unless the military government released pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi .
At 8 p.m. Friday , Henri was becoming disorganized , but still had maximum sustained winds near 50 mph , with stronger gusts .
The worst affected area was South Kyeongsang province where at least 15 people drowned and roads were swept away in mud sides .
Captain Smith left the ferry terminal after the crash , went to his home and attempted suicide .
The outbreak of severe acute respiratory syndrome , wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and economic uncertainty in Europe and America have depressed air travel .
In December , he had predicted a 5 percent growth rate .
The affidavit said Mr. al-Amoudi made at least 10 trips to Libya using one Yemeni and two U.S. passports .
His plan would cost over $ 200 billion annually and be paid for by repealing Bush 's tax cuts .
" It is probably not the easiest time to come in and take over the shuttle program , but then again , I look forward to the challenge , " he said .
But Mr Kenny said his advice to David Hicks , should they be allowed to meet , might be that he accept a deal .
The cables can carry far more power , and can be turned on and off like water spigots , making billing more accurate , Taub said .
The value of BP 's investment has risen since the deal was announced in February .
Judge Harold Baer concluded Wednesday that lawyers for two victims " have shown , albeit barely ... that Iraq provided material support to bin Laden and al-Qaida . "
Only about one-third of parents of sexually experienced 14-year-olds know that their child has had sex , " the report says .
The shares fell 72 cents , or 3.8 percent , to $ 18.34 Monday on the New York Stock Exchange .
Home Depot is expected to report earnings per share of 46 cents for the third quarter , according to Thomson First Call .
On Wednesday , the Marines shot an attacker near the town of Al-Kut as he tried to run over two Marines at a checkpoint .
In Chatsworth , 32 miles northwest of Los Angeles , residents of multimillion-dollar homes there were told to gather their belongings .
A Comoros islander , he is on the United States ' list of most wanted suspects .
The woman reported that she felt threatened and obtained a warrant for Stackhouse 's arrest from the local magistrate 's office .
A message left with Spitzer 's office as well as Citigroup and Goldman Sachs were not immediately returned .
Shares of AT & T climbed 4 percent , adding to the previous day 's 6 percent rise .
The Standard and Poor 's 500-stock index , a broad collection of equities representing leading companies , finished its best quarter yesterday since the last three months of 1998 .
Writing in the journal Geophysical Research Letters , Vincent 's team said all of the fresh water poured out of the 20-mile-long Disraeli Fjord .
In Canada , the surging dollar was in focus again as it struggled and just failed to stay above the 75 cent ( U.S. ) mark .
A third executive , chief operating officer David Glenn was fired .
Malvo goes on trial next month in the death of an FBI analyst .
" I 'm quite positive about it , except that I would not want to cut across things that are now occurring , " he said .
The park service purchased the land from the estate of Samuel Mills Damon for $ 22 million .
Taiwan reported 65 new cases on May 22 , a one-day record , and 55 new cases on May 23 , making its epidemic the world 's fastest-growing .
NEC 's pitching its wireless gear and management software to a variety of industries , including healthcare and hospitality , a company spokesman said .
Bunia has about 750 U.N. troops , compared with an estimated 25,000 to 28,000 tribal fighters in the region , with thousands deployed in and around Bunia .
EDS reported a first-quarter loss of $ 126 million , or 26 cents per share .
His sport utility vehicle was found June 25 , abandoned without its license plates in Virginia Beach , Va .
She won the talent portion singing " If I Could " and also won in evening wear .
The outbreak was particularly intense in Colorado , where more than 6,300 people have been infected and at least six have died in the past month .
Durst , a millionaire , pleaded self-defense in the death of his neighbor Morris Black .
Two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports were among the suspects , the official said .
The Mariners piled on against Randy Choate and Juan Acevedo in the bottom of the inning .
Roxio , would get access to more than 300,000 tracks from the music libraries of the major labels , and the Pressplay distribution system .
He frequently criticizes the press , especially reporters and news organizations that reported on leaks from investigators .
" Yes , I do not wish to be present during this witness , " Peterson , 31 , calmly told the judge as he was returned to his cell .
The battalion has been clearing rubble , building playgrounds and restoring irrigation in Iraq , military officials told The Associated Press .
Three other police officers were among five people who were seriously injured .
The number of Americans considered extremely obese , or at least 100 pounds overweight , has quadrupled since the 1980s to a startling 4 million , the research shows .
Spot gold was quoted at $ 358.65 / 359.15 an ounce at 0500 GMT , having darted as high as $ 359.25 -- a level not seen since February 25 .
On Thursday , a New York City judge ordered Viacom to stop using the name Spike TV pending a trial .
In afternoon trading in Europe , France 's CAC-40 advanced and Britain 's FTSE 100 each gained 0.7 percent , while Germany 's DAX index rose 0.6 percent .
Seven Air Force Academy cadets face punishment for drinking with two high school girls in the latest incident to embarrass the academy .
North American stock markets got off to a slow start Tuesday , with investors ready to get their first taste of quarterly earnings .
Salesforce.com rents software that helps corporate sales people track customer accounts and sales leads .
According to WWF , a further 13,000 individuals are estimated to be caught around the Straits of Gibraltar and in neighboring zones .
In turning down the NIMA offer , Gehman said , ' ' there were a number of bureaucratic and administrative missed signals here .
Officials in Chechnya 's Moscow-backed government are a frequent target for rebels , and tension is running high ahead of Sunday 's presidential election in the war-ravaged region .
On Monday , the number of SARS cases in China passed 5,000 , hitting a total of 5,013 .
Dave Delainey agreed to cooperate with federal prosecutors in exchange for the plea .
Pat Anderson , the lawyer representing the Schindlers , declined to comment on the filing .
The lawmakers expected to arrive in Pyongyang on Friday and leave Sunday for South Korea .
The service will launch later this summer with 800 locations , and Sprint plans 2,100 locations by the end of the year .
Jessica Wheat , who said she and Dusenbery were planning to marry , said Dusenbery was considering settling down in Fort Campbell and making the Army his career .
ATA shares closed down $ 1.66 , or 16.7 percent , at $ 8.26 on the Nasdaq Stock Market .
The jurors were taken into the courtroom in groups of 40 and asked to fill out a questionnaire .
With all precincts reporting , Fletcher had 88,747 votes , or 57 percent of the total .
HP fell to second place with server sales growing 0.4 percent to $ 2.9 billion .
Between July 1 , 2002 and June 30 , 2003 , the Red Cross spent $ 114 million on disaster relief , while taking in only $ 39.5 million .
Schafer said the governor would be open to offering that last license for a riverboat in Chicago .
" The result is an overall package that will provide a significant economic growth for our employees over the next few years , " he said .
In May , Alkebulan and Deirdre Small filed a federal lawsuit in Brooklyn that seeks more than $ 20 million in damages , Hart said .
The Russell 2000 index , which tracks smaller company stocks , was up 1.02 , or 0.21 percent , at 496.83 .
The lawsuit was filed on Friday at the US District Court for the District of Columbia .
" We think it 's great news , " said Enron spokesman Eric Thode .
In 1993 , after nine years in prison , Bloodsworth was cleared with evidence gathered from a semen stain on the victim 's panties .
They said it affects all default installations of Windows 2000 , Windows XP and Windows 2003 Server .
About 80 percent of Pakistan 's 140 million people are Sunnis .
A total of 114 U.S. soldiers were killed between the start of the war March 20 and the end of April .
It passed only after Republicans won the support of Voinovich and another wavering senator , Nelson of Nebraska .
Mrs Clinton said her husband action 's were morally wrong but did not constitute a public betrayal .
A 62-year-old West Babylon man has contracted the West Nile virus , the first human case in Suffolk County this year , according to the county health department .
Hundreds of Kenyan women claiming they were attacked and raped by British soldiers were granted government legal aid Wednesday to pursue their case against the Ministry of Defense .
Janet Racicot heard the thud from the kitchen , where she was getting a glass of water , she said in an interview Tuesday .
U.S. military officials have said it could take up to two years before regular elections are held , based on experiences elsewhere in the world .
At least 11 people remained hospitalized Saturday , three of them in critical condition .
It had a margin of error of plus or minus five percentage points .
We think this was bad law , and we still expect to be vindicated ultimately .
He greeted the mayor of Miami , Manny Diaz , as " Alex . "
DeVries , who was voluntarily castrated in August 2001 , has said the surgery took away his ability to become sexually aroused .
Smith , who faces a maximum 40 years in prison if convicted , is free on $ 250,000 bond .
Although a small city-state , Singapore is the 12th-largest trading partner of the United States , with trade volume of $ 33.4 billion last year .
Bush said in a statement that he ordered the U.S. Treasury Department to act following Tuesday 's suicide bombing attack in Jerusalem , which killed 20 people .
Even with time , he said , " it 's going to be very difficult to determine the cause of death . "
Tracks can be burned to CDs , but the same playlist may only be burned up to five times .
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index < .IXIC > gained 18.35 points , or 1.13 percent , to 1,646.02 .
A total of 17 confirmed cases of cholera were reported yesterday by the World Health Organisation in the southern Iraqi city of Basra .
He was charged with attempting to provide material support and resources to terrorists , and dealing arms without a licence .
Prior to joining Eastman Kodak , Mr. Palumbo held senior marketing positions for Procter & Gamble .
The House Government Reform Committee passed the bill today .
More than 1,000 people rallied over three days , proclaiming that genetically modified foods weren 't the answer to the world 's food problems .
Tropical Storm Claudette headed for the Texas coast Saturday , with forecasters saying the sluggish storm system could reach hurricane strength before landfall early Tuesday .
Some state legislators behind the bill say they remain hopeful Bush will sign the legislation , though they acknowledge pressure is building on the governor to do otherwise .
She also noted that Intel 's servers were not harmed and that the thousands of Hamidi e-mail recipients were able to request that the e-mails stop , which Hamidi honored .
Geneticists cite fears that ethnic-based research would be used or distorted to justify discrimination against a group or to promote racial stereotypes .
The report shows that drugs sold in Canadian pharmacies are manufactured in facilities approved by Health Canada , which serves a similar role as the FDA for the Canadian government .
" We are very pleased that the court dismissed the vast majority of the plaintiff 's claims , " said Coke spokesman Ben Deutsch .
On the sidelines of the Bo 'ao forum , Mr Goh also met Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf and held talks with Tajikistan President Emomali Sharipovich Rakhmonov .
But the institute says the department ‘ ‘ woefully underestimates ’ ’ the changes that would occur if the proposal is implemented .
In addition , Goldman raised its quarterly dividend to 25 cents a share , up from 13 cents previously .
In the opinion , Kline noted that it is illegal for children that young to have sexual relations .
The board has appointed Trevor Fetter , who returned to the company as president last November , as acting CEO .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC gained 13.73 points , or 0.81 percent , to finish at 1,700.34 .
He said the allegations were that certain cereals companies were tipped off to grain prices two hours before they were officially available .
To the Sound-Off caller who said they found a mini-cassette from the space shuttle Columbia : NASA is extremely interested in talking to you on a " no-questions-asked " basis .
Since the election , the group has registered more than 400,000 voters .
Maddox , who had battled cancer since 1983 , cracked two ribs earlier this month when he fell at an assisted living home where he was recovering from surgery .
Sixty-five probable cases of SARS have been identified in the United States , along with 255 suspected cases .
The company is also adding .Net and J2EE support to its Enterprise Application Environment development toolset , Sapp said .
Because of that , the family had run him out of the house over the objections of the grandmother and he was living on the street .
Handspring employees are expected to move to Palm Solutions Group headquarters in Milpitas , Calif .
Massachusetts is one of 12 states without the death penalty , having abolished it in 1984 .
Army Radio reported early today that hundreds of settlers converged on four outposts overnight , hoping to disrupt their evacuation .
While the shape of any military operation is unclear , Jakarta has boosted the number of troops and police in the resource-rich province to more than 45,000 from 38,000 .
The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries decided yesterday to lower its output ceiling by 900,000 barrels a day to 24.5 million barrels starting in November .
A rival distributor , Mike Selwyn , of United International Pictures , says he cannot detect , unlike The Matrix Revolutions , any advance scepticism .
The Company has always made , and continues to make , exceptional customer service and customer satisfaction a top priority in all business practices , " AOL added .
Microsoft said Tuesday it intends to acquire the intellectual property and technology assets of Romanian antivirus firm GeCAD Software Srl .
We 're asphyxiating , ' ' ' said Sam Granato , chief of the Kingsville police .
Great Train Robber Ronnie Biggs was back in jail tonight after being treated in hospital for pneumonia .
Kodak expects earnings of 5 cents to 25 cents a share in the quarter .
While Montgomery was one of the first to enact such a law , it 's now relatively common - even New York City bans smoking in bars .
The governor will present his budget proposals to the General Assembly in January .
Above that , Medicare would pay 90 percent of all drug costs .
He was the ace of diamonds in a U.S. deck of cards showing pictures of most-wanted Iraqi leaders .
Financial terms of the sale , which is expected to be completed by the end of August , were not disclosed .
Chante Jawaon Mallard , 27 , is charged with murder and tampering with evidence .
Generally unwanted — and often pornographic or with fraudulent intent — spam is a nuisance and a distraction , " Gates writes .
A navy official said divers scanned the river bed with metal detectors before rain drove them to shore .
Cuban officials said that last year none of about two dozen nominated Cuban musicians received U.S. visas in time to attend the Latin Grammys .
THE US government and private technology experts have warned that hackers plan to attack thousands of websites on Sunday in a loosely co-ordinated " contest " that could disrupt Internet traffic .
Al-Ghozi was arrested in Manila in January 2002 while on a mission to buy explosives for bombing targets in Singapore .
" He would often call me for advice , " said lawyer Ron Kuby , a friend who had represented him in court .
Although the Beatles were deeply disapproved of in the Soviet Union , their popularity knew no bounds and far outreached any other Western rock groups .
Of about 30 attempts to reach Mars , only 12 missions have succeeded .
The rest said they had no affiliation or belonged to another party .
" People who were on their way home , all of a sudden taken from us , " Mr. Bloomberg said of the collision .
The PG-13 sequel " 2 Fast 2 Furious " raked in an estimated $ 52.1 million during its opening weekend , jumping over last weekend 's catch , " Finding Nemo . "
Elsewhere , European stocks slipped from their highs but stayed within a few points of year highs .
In late afternoon trade in New York , the euro was down 0.83 percent against the dollar at $ 1.1633 < EUR = > .
Sirius recently began carrying National Public Radio , a deal pooh-poohed by XM because it doesn 't include popular shows like All Things Considered and Morning Edition .
Representatives of abuse victims expressed dismay at the possibility .
" You can 't win elections by looking through the rear view mirror , " he said .
Pratt & Whitney had said that if it won the contract 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to European suppliers , with final assembly in Germany .
Chairman and chief executive Leland Brendsel and Vaughn Clarke , the company 's executive vice president and chief financial officer , resigned .
The strength of demand for credit increases the danger associated with delaying a tightening of policy that is called for on general macroeconomic grounds . "
Li is the deputy chairman of Cheung Kong ( Holdings ) Ltd . < 0001.HK > .
Within four days , the House and Senate overwhelmingly endorsed a resolution granting the president authority to go to war .
The House would limit the increases to those troops in the Iraq and Afghanistan combat zones , but not troops supporting those war efforts from bases outside the combat zone .
Andrew Cuomo and Kerry Kennedy were married 13 years .
Business confidence among top U.S. executives hit a 12-month high in the second quarter , according to a survey released Monday .
In 2001 , Nash helped found an after-school nonviolence program named after a college student who was fatally shot by a 14-year-old gang member , program supervisor Alexis Lukas said .
The letter indicates the Vatican 's interest in bolstering conservatives within the Episcopal Church .
The Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign , of which he was a member , said he was researching a schools exchange project .
Belcher said the airport 's conference room was serving as a makeshift shelter for several area families who hiked up the wooded hillside in advance of rising water .
The flaw involves the Remote Procedure Call ( RPC ) protocol , which deals with inter-computer communications .
" Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling ... against little or no competition , " Hubach said in the statement .
ELENA Slough , considered to be the oldest person in the US and the third oldest person in the world , has died .
Secretary of State Colin Powell last week ruled out a non-aggression treaty .
Protesters chanted , " Tapping our phones , reading our mail , the LEIU should go to jail , " put on small skits and danced to drumbeats .
" Both of these kids are in wonderful physical condition right now , " said Goodrich , also director of pediatric neurosurgery at the Children 's Hospital at Montefiore .
Within WSE 2.0 , WS-Trust , WS-SecureConversation build on WS-Security and define extensions to request and issue security tokens and to manage relationships and secure conversations .
Ebbers ' lawyer , Reid Weingarten , said despite the thorough investigation , " the best the investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions . "
Many of the victims of Sunday 's attack were headed out of Iraq for R & R or emergency leave .
According to the company filings , the investigation " appears to be focused on certain accounting practices common to the interactive entertainment industry , with specific emphasis on revenue recognition . "
Journalists were not the only people notified that their phone calls had been intercepted .
Mitchell said many knew Wilson , 43 , to be unstable and that she recently lost her job .
Parrado remained on a Coast Guard cutter Wednesday as officials determined his status and immediate future , the Coast Guard said .
After protesters rushed the stage and twice cut power to the microphone , Hedges cut his speech short .
The compilers are available in two forms : The Intel C + + Compiler for Microsoft eMbedded Visual C + + is available from Intel for $ 399 , and is intended for applications development .
" SCO has not shown us any evidence that we violated our agreements , " spokeswoman Trink Guarino said .
The teen was in critical condition at Sacred Heart Medical Center , police said in a news release .
" Biotech products , if anything , may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing , " said Robert Fraley , Monsanto 's executive vice president .
Meanwhile in southern Iraq , the United States released more Iraqi prisoners of war , and officials announced that all would be let go soon .
Panther 's redesigned Finder navigation tool puts a user 's favourite folders , hard drive , network servers , iDisk and removable media in one location .
Cisco reported earnings of $ 987 million , or 14 cents a share , on revenue of $ 4.62 billion for the quarter ending in April .
Jeter , who dislocated his left shoulder in a collision March 31 , took batting practice on the field for the first time Monday .
" The risk of inflation becoming undesirably low remains the predominant concern for the foreseeable future , " the policy-setting Federal Open Market Committee said .
The group will be headed by John S. Wolf , an assistant secretary of state who has served in Australia , Vietnam , Greece and Pakistan .
" For us that doesn 't make a difference , the sexual orientation , " Tutu told Reuters Television in South Africa 's sprawling Soweto township .
On Thursday , a Post article argued that a 50-basis-point cut was most likely .
The stalemate involved less than 1 percent of the budget and had little to do with policy but everything to do with politics .
He said investigators have not ruled out the possibility that more than one person was behind the poisonings .
The actions reflect our strong forward momentum as we intensify our business focus and work to achieve profitability , " said Katsumi Ihara , president of Sony Ericsson .
There is no indication , so far , that Gehring used his card at any motel or overnight lodging , he said .
Dell made $ 950,000 in salary and nearly $ 2.5 million in bonus pay during the fiscal year .
Lt. Gov. David Dewhurst suggested a political motive for the report , saying : " It sounds like the Republican primary started early this year . "
The board 's final report , which is expected in late August , will stop short of assigning individual blame for the accident .
Companies trading on the biggest stock markets must get shareholder approval before granting stock options and other equity compensation under rules cleared yesterday by the Securities and Exchange Commission .
Four people were found shot to death along a highway Tuesday and four others were wounded in a dispute that apparently involved immigrant smugglers , officials said .
The case consolidated multiple purported class actions filed in 2001 .
A car and a house were hit in the new shootings , the chief deputy sheriff of Franklin County , Steve Martin , said .
And it can store more than a gigabyte of information - equivalent to 1,000 high quality images or around 12 hours of music - in just one cubic centimetre .
The move came as police continued to question a suspected potential suicide bomber arrested in the southwestern town of Gloucester last Thursday .
Western and southwestern Germany were expected to see temperatures hit 38 C ( 100.4 F ) .
The waves of scandal angered not only victims ' advocates but parishioners and some priests , to the point that Law could no longer run the archdiocese .
The latest toll given by officials to state media was 643 dead and over 4,600 injured .
He was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas .
District Attorney Dave Lupas reminded jurors that Stubbs is , " a cold , calculating killer " .
The first biotechnology treatment for asthma , the constriction of the airways that affects millions of Americans , received approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration on Friday .
Strikingly , the poll saw very little difference between women and men in their feelings about the former First Lady .
The seizure occurred at 4am on March 18 , just hours before the first American air assault .
" We put the call out , " said the Rev. Patrick J. Mahoney , director of the Christian Defense Coalition .
In 2001 , the diocese reached a $ 15 million settlement involving five priests and 26 plaintiffs .
Also Thursday , the NYSE 's board elected six new directors to the board and re-elected six others .
The worker 's taxable income is reduced by that amount , saving money at tax time .
A nationally board-certified teacher with a master 's degree , Kelley makes $ 65,000 in his 30th year .
Meantime , federal authorities in Alabama said the passage of time has not hurt their case against Rudolph .
The companies , however , declined to give specifics on customer turnover , saying they would release figures only when they report their overall company performance .
In January , it accused Russia of annexing the region and appealed to the U.N. Security Council to " assume effective leadership over the peace process . "
Apple noted that half the songs were purchased as part of albums .
" Furthermore , with the target funds rate at 1 per cent , substantial further conventional easings could be implemented if the FOMC judged such policy actions warranted , " he said .
No dates have been set for either the civil trial or the criminal trial .
He admits that the law " has several weaknesses which terrorists could exploit , undermining our defenses . "
A widely praised film of the same name was directed by Wim Wenders .
Prosecutors maintained that Durst murdered Black to try to assume Black 's identity .
She countersued for $ 125 million , saying G + J broke its contract with her by cutting her out of key editorial decisions and manipulated the magazine 's financial figures .
The foreign bits are recognized by other cells that realize it is infected and kill it .
Tim Hortons ' same-store sales in Canada rose by 6.7 per cent .
" A bad decision on Charleroi would have huge implications for state-owned regional airports in France .
The huge bottom line loss stemmed from a 1.5 billion-pound asset writedown , on top of a 3.5 billion first-half charge .
Variable annuity sales surged 82 percent to $ 4.2 billion .
One of the key suspects in the October nightclub bombings that killed more than 200 people in Bali went on trial Monday amid tight security .
Puretunes representatives could not be located Thursday to comment on the suit .
The interview , which also focuses on Schwarzenegger 's training routines and prowess as a bodybuilder , was re-printed this week on the Web Site www.thesmokinggun.com.
Scott Dixon eventually made winning the Honda Indy 225 look easy Sunday at Pikes Peak International Raceway .
Microsoft shares ( MSFT : news , chart , profile ) fell 1 cent to close at $ 25.65 .
Peterson 's lawyer , Mark Geragos , of Los Angeles , has contested the DNA evidence , saying it is unreliable .
Mr. McCall , who ran unsuccessfully for governor of New York in 2002 , styled himself an advocate of better corporate governance .
With Johnson 's injury , the fight card at the Staples Center in Los Angeles is in question .
You have to dig deep and come up with the goods against guys that are out there competing with the best of us .
The Dow Jones industrial average was up 17 points to 9,090 , while the Nasdaq composite index fell 10 points to 1,601 .
Sixty players and five coaches from Mepham High School in Bellmore , Long Island attended the training camp in August .
" Now I want to know whether or not the help that is available is being expedited and made available .
BEA Systems Inc . BEAS.O said on Thursday second-quarter profits rose 28 percent , as revenues grew slightly more than Wall Street expected amid a contracting overall market for business software .
Hitchcock has declined to comment on the case , as has Levin .
Bryant presented himself to authorities last Friday and was released after posting $ 25,000 bail .
The airline 's pilots , for example , are taking a 15-per-cent cut .
Winslet , 28 , has a three-year-old daughter Mia by her first husband , British film producer Jim Threapleton .
" The kingdom of Saudi Arabia has been wrongfully and morbidly accused of complicity in the tragic terrorist attacks of Sept . 11 , 2001 , " he said .
Strayhorn said it was the first time in Texas history a comptroller had not certified the appropriations act .
German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder said last week that Berlin will consider sending peacekeepers only if requested by an interim Iraqi government or the United Nations .
Parsons held engineering management positions at three space centers before being named director of the Stennis center last August .
Bondholders of Mirant Americas Generation subsequently filed suit against Mirant seeking to block the exchange offer .
Four of those killed by Williams were black ; the other was white .
McCartney has three children - fashion designer Stella , 31 , Mary , 33 , and James , 25 - by first wife Linda .
The first stage of the malicious software began Monday , when the Lovsan worm began spreading around the world .
As of yesterday , the total number of National Guard and Reserve troops called to duty worldwide stood at 154,603 .
" Our own histories should remind us that the union of democratic principle and practice is always a work in progress , " she said .
Declining issues outnumbered advancers slightly more than 3 to 1 on the New York Stock Exchange .
Stocks barely budged Friday as trading resumed with some glitches from the blackout in New York .
Ragin and Hayes were accused of using a phony tuxedo rental business as a front for laundering proceeds from stolen credit cards .
Such a move has been widely predicted by industry observers and follows the departure of Christopher Galvin , the company 's chairman and chief executive .
" Whereas long lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks , now they are lucky to catch one , " Myers said .
The poll conducted between Oct. 24 and Nov. 2 had a margin of error of 2 percentage points .
" As expected , second-quarter sales were weak driven by the combination of declining retail inventories and market-share losses , " Chief Executive Robert Eckert said in a statement .
PG & E Corp. shares jumped $ 1.63 or 8 percent to $ 21.03 on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday .
Mall operators and retailers reported fewer shoppers camping out for early-bird specials on Saturday morning , although parking lots were beginning to fill at some East Coast shopping centers .
Hoffine drove to the home of a friend and told her what he had done before allowing the woman and her daughter to leave , Hurley said .
In July , the Hopkinton , Mass . , company agreed to buy Legato Systems of Mountain View for $ 1.3 billion .
That fire devastated timber on the reservation , while charring 469,000 acres and destroying 491 homes in surrounding communities .
The 13-year veteran has passed for 21,438 yards and 118 touchdowns with 67 interceptions .
However , it is not possible to say whether it may pose a cancer risk to humans .
She looked at her son-in-law and his relatives at times , but the two sides did not exchange words .
Two schools , Duke and North Carolina , have steadfastly opposed expansion .
" But I do question the motives of a desk-bound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech . "
At 11 a.m. EDT , Fabian 's center was near latitude 18.1 north and longitude 53.2 west , or about 550 miles east of the Leewards .
Four of the defendants have pleaded guilty to weapons charges and other counts .
He added that : " We disagree with the judge 's decision on notice for Engine Company 261 . "
A Catholic priest said two miners were killed and nine other protesters injured 110 kilometres outside La Paz as a convoy of miners threw dynamite at soldiers manning a roadblock .
Disney spokeswoman Rena Callahan said the " safety and enjoyment " of its guests were the only reasons the company wanted the no-fly zones , and wants them kept in place .
The two forms constitute 30 percent of the 7 million applications filed to the bureau each year .
A Spanish tanker , Sandra Tapias , was to be loaded with another million barrels , bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA , in the afternoon .
The plan would likely result in the election of 22 Republicans and 10 Democrats from Texas , versus the current 17 Democrats and 15 Republicans , officials say .
Associated Press Writer Ken Ritter in Las Vegas contributed to this article .
The fawn , named for university researcher Duane Kraemer , turns 7 months old today .
A reading above 50 suggests growth in the sector , while a number below that level indicates contraction .
The poll of 405 registered Massachusetts voters was conducted Wednesday through Friday by RKM Research and Communications .
Stevens said that the drug manufacturers had not shown why the plan should be prevented from taking effect .
Sir Jeremy Greenstock , the UK 's ambassador to the UN , is due to lead a week-long Security Council mission to West Africa in mid-May .
Before confirming a diagnosis of cancer , a positive PSA test must be followed up with a biopsy or other procedures .
But the measure also requires the secretary of health and human services to certify that the reimportation can be done safely .
Jane Doe , deciding to fight the subpoena , asked Verizon to withhold her name .
They have included local and foreign aid workers , U.S. troops , Afghan soldiers , officials and police , as well as many guerrillas .
Pork processing giant Smithfield Foods Inc. said Monday that it won the bidding in an auction for bankrupt Farmland Industries Inc . ' s pork business .
It also added that both proposals would allow Vivendi Uni to maintain " a substantial minority interest in a U.S. media corporation with excellent growth potential . "
A sensitive light detector then looks for the telltale blue glow .
" We acted because we saw the existing evidence in a new light , through the prism of ... Sept . 11th . "
U.S. law enforcement officials are sneering at Dar Heatherington 's version of of the events -- including a police conspiracy to discredit her -- which thrust her into the public spotlight .
The estimate of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call was for a loss of $ 2.75 a share .
The largest supplier of medicines was Canada , followed by India , Thailand and the Philippines .
Allied forces have defeated Saddam 's military , moved into his palaces and started to patrol Baghdad .
Law enforcement officials confirmed that Limbaugh was being investigated by the Palm Beach County , Fla . , state attorney 's office .
Wall Street was also waiting for aluminum maker Alcoa Inc . ( nyse : PEP - news - people ) to report earnings after the close .
Limbaugh 's attorney , Roy Black , has accused the State Attorney 's Office of having political motives for its investigation .
Details of the research will appear in a future issue of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
British-born astronaut Michael Foale is on his way to take command of the international space station .
He also told investigators that when he was in his mid-teens , he stabbed a 6-year-old boy for no apparent reason .
The injured were taken to hospitals in Jefferson City and Columbia , about 48km north ; their conditions were not immediately available .
Josephine Burke , who ran the illegal day care , served four months in prison on misdemeanor assault and child-neglect charges .
Heatley led Atlanta in scoring last season with a team-record 41 goals and 48 assists .
The Centcom statement said the gunmen appeared to have fired from a mosque in the city , 50 km ( 32 miles ) west of Baghdad .
Analysts surveyed by First Call were expecting sales of $ 723 million and a loss of 28 cents a share .
But at the age of 15 , she weighed a whopping 117kg and came to a difficult decision : it was time to try surgery .
Congress twice passed similar bills , but then-President Clinton vetoed them both times .
Stanford ( 46-15 ) plays South Carolina ( 44-20 ) on Friday in the opening game of the double-elimination tournament .
" In Iraq , " Sen. Pat Roberts ( R-Kan . ) , chairman of the intelligence committee , said on CNN 's " Late Edition " yesterday , " we 're now fighting an anti-guerrilla . . . effort . "
Some women also express concern about a society in which more people than ever are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection .
Associated Press quotes a local policeman as saying that the British troops were targeted by townspeople angry over civilian deaths during an earlier demonstration in the town of Majar al-Kabir .
The S & P 500 index was up 1.26 , or 0.1 percent , to 1,039.32 after sinking 10.75 yesterday .
Egyptologists think they may have identified the long-sought mummy of Queen Nefertiti , one of the ancient world 's legendary beauties .
Under the agreement , Medicare coverage for drug benefits would begin in 2006 .
" We don 't know everything [ but ] what we know suggests that we should take what they 're saying seriously , " he said .
" We believe it is without merit and we will defend ourselves rigorously . "
A prosecutor said investigators were searching his home in Muenster in the presence of his wife when news of his death arrived .
" Well , first of all , a lot of these are made up stories , " Mr. Schwarzenegger said .
ImClone Systems and Genentech led shares of biotechnology companies higher yesterday after studies showed the medicines they are developing helped cancer patients .
ASEAN comprises Brunei , Cambodia , Indonesia , Laos , Malaysia , Myanmar , the Philippines , Singapore , Thailand and Vietnam .
The ministry said the hijackers Francisco Lamas Caron , 29 ; Luis Alberto Suarez Acosta , 22 ; and Yosvani Martinez Acosta , 27 , shot themselves for unknown reasons .
He said : “ They were an inspirational couple , selfless and courageous .
The Bank of England " requires growth from elsewhere in the economy and needs the economy to rebalance , " he told the Press Association news agency .
It canceled its third-quarter earnings announcement , which had been scheduled for this morning .
The MDC said that an opposition supporter , Tichaona Kaguru , died in hospital after being tortured and assaulted by the soldiers putting down the anti-Mugabe protests .
The new found planet is the only one known to orbit such a double-star system .
In early trading , the Dow Jones industrial average was up 3.90 , or 0.04 percent , at 9,113.75 , having gained 36.90 on Tuesday .
He drove in another run in the fifth inning on a groundout .
A U.S. soldier was killed in the early hours Saturday while guarding a bank in west Baghdad , and another American serviceman died Friday .
Revenue fell to $ 36.9bn from $ 39.3bn a year ago , mainly due to lower vehicle sales .
Both shooting victims were rushed to Brookdale University Hospital Medical Center , where they died a short time later .
Baz Luhrmann 's opulent version of the Puccini opera will fold June 29 after a disappointing seven-month run and losses of about $ 6 million .
New York City will collect an estimated $ 182.5 million in tax revenue from the 2003 bonuses , compared with the $ 125.4 million it collected in 2002 .
Berry repeated that performance with his second wife , whom he married and divorced twice ( most recently in 1991 ) .
AustMag has since asked the experienced US company Fluor to produce a detailed costing of the project but the report is still two weeks away .
The International Atomic Energy Agency asked for information on the uranium assertions after London 's dossier was published , but Britain did not provide any , U.N. officials said .
Johnston made $ 5.8 million in salary and bonus in 2001 as president , and as a part-time adviser earned $ 1 million in 2002 .
Other elections have taken place in the northern city of Mosul and three cities in Iraq 's south .
" It indicates we are starting the epidemic with more cases than last year , " Gerberding said .
" It 's a huge black eye , " Arthur Sulzberger , the newspaper 's publisher , said of the scandal .
The men had Pakistani passports and reportedly were seen together at the airport earlier in the evening , law enforcement sources said .
The girl turned up late Sunday night at an East Palo Alto convenience store about 30 miles from her home .
Bounty hunting is illegal in Mexico , and the bounty hunter was charged with kidnapping .
Democratic Lt. Gov. Cruz Bustamante was first choice of 25 percent , followed by state Sen. Tom McClintock with 18 percent .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index < .SPX > added 0.99 points , or 0.1 percent , at 995.69 .
In November , Jeffrey Brabakow , the chief executive at the time , said the company used aggressive pricing to get higher payments for the sickest Medicare patients .
The director of Rescue California , the group leading the recall campaign , called the lawsuit " laughable . "
Federal officials then gave the Texas DPS officer a number to call at the FAA to initiate lost aircraft procedures .
" My judgement is 95 percent of that information should be declassified , become uncensored , so the American people would know . "
However , one subset of patients , women on hormonal treatment following chemotherapy , " appeared to show a favorable trend to improvement in survival . "
" The impact of increased prices has only begun to be seen in the financial numbers of the company , " president and CEO Derek Pannell said in a statement .
On Friday , U.S. Attorney Roslynn Mauskopf said she would take over the probe from District Attorney William Murphy .
Shadrin said Khodorkovsky 's aircraft was approached by officers identifying themselves as members of the FSB domestic intelligence service .
U.S. forces organized the elections , which officials said were a step toward establishing democracy in the nation .
The United States is wary of deep involvement in Liberia given commitments in Afghanistan and Iraq .
Earlier this year , the company said it would restate its 2000 , 2001 and 2002 financial results .
Paul Durousseau , 32 , was charged Tuesday with murder in five Jacksonville slayings between December and February , and in a 1997 Georgia killing .
Analysts say Davis , a Democrat , could get a boost in the polls if the 29-day-old budget crisis is resolved without further delay .
" We have sent a new message out to the nation — that this is a new Louisiana . "
As of yesterday afternoon , 22 suspected cases had been reported in Wisconsin , 10 in Indiana and five in Illinois .
No team has overcome a 3-1 deficit in the NBA Finals , and the New Jersey Nets don 't want to try their luck at it .
Turkish troops almost surely would become targets for terrorists , the ambassador said .
Truck sales for the world 's No. 2 automaker dropped 4.1 percent , while its car sales dropped 13.7 percent .
As temperatures soar above 120 Fahrenheit in Basra , fridges and air conditioners have stuttered to a halt .
Perkins also had a $ 200,000 buyout clause in his contract .
It is the highest reading since the index was created in August 1997 .
" Things go wrong , " U.S. Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said Wednesday at the Department of Energy .
Manufacturers and grocers or distributors have a long history of complicated contracts offering retailers discounts , money for advertising or payments for prominent shelf space .
State police Lt. Timothy Doyle said Hackett and Rossignol did not know each other , and that Hackett had no connection to the college .
The Williams-Mauresmo winner will play the winner of the match between Justine Henin-Hardenne and Chanda Rubin .
Traditional tests also are available at no cost today .
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman kicks off the three-day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology on Monday .
Huweirini , who has worked closely with U.S. officials , was wounded in an attack Dec. 4 , the U.S. officials said .
The results ranged from 1 per cent or 2 per cent to 36 per cent for a speciality brand called American Spirit .
Officials in Malawi said the men were on the CIA 's ' ' watch list ' ' since the twin 1998 bombings at the US embassies in Kenya and Tanzania .
He was declared dead on arrival at Virginia Hospital Center in Arlington at 9 : 13 a.m.
The parade , which moved west along Eastern Parkway in Crown Heights past hundreds of thousands of spectators , went through the district that Davis represented .
The two have no diplomatic ties and their already tense relationship has been frayed further by a diplomatic spat over North Korea 's nuclear ambitions .
It said the patents were " allegedly " assigned to Syndia in 2001 through the Lemelson Medical , Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership .
Security lights have also been installed on a barn near the front gate .
" I still want to be the candidate for guys with Confederate flags in their pickup trucks , " he told The Des Moines Register .
Magistrates searched Tanzi 's home near Parma on Wednesday and tried to question him the same day , only to find he had left Italy for an undisclosed foreign country .
So far , eight states have laws legalizing marijuana for patients with physician recommendations : Alaska , California , Colorado , Hawaii , Maine , Nevada , Oregon and Washington .
One third of high-speed trains within France will run , national railway company Societe Nationale des Chemins de Fer estimates .
Carlton Dotson , who was on the team last season and lives in Hurlock , Md . , said he was told not to talk about the case .
The document says the damage to the wing provided a pathway for hot gases to penetrate Columbia 's thermal armour during its fatal re-entry .
Companies trading on the biggest stock markets must get shareholder approval before granting stock options and other equity compensation under rules cleared yesterday by the Securities and Exchange Commission .
The Bush administration cited that intelligence as primary justification for invading Iraq .
Shares of Tampa-based Outback Steakhouse Inc. closed at $ 44.50 , up $ 1.78 , or 4.2 percent , on the New York Stock Exchange .
O 'Keefe declined to discuss whether such photos would have enough resolution to detect small cracks in the wing panels .
Except for a few archaic characteristics , the skulls are readily recognizable .
In its report , the foreign affairs committee absolved Mr. Blair of charges of doctoring intelligence .
Four years ago , California activist Marc Kasky sued Nike under a statute designed to protect consumers from false advertising .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index < .IXIC > was up 40.09 points , or 2.46 percent , at 1,666.58 , marking its highest close since May 23 , 2002 .
Williams recently toured the new soccer-specific Home Depot Center in Carson , Calif .
Among the evidence seized by detectives was an animal skull with a nail driven through its head , which may have been used in a " black magic " ceremony .
Unifi official Rob O 'Neill said : " The gloves are off .
" It 's clearly a tragic day for America , " Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said in Washington .
Economists said the report on wholesale prices showed producers were having a tough time trying to raise prices .
In the first quarter , SCO had reported a net loss of $ 724,000 , or 6 cents per diluted share , on revenue of $ 13.5 million .
Randall Simon followed with an RBI single to right .
Last month Intel raised its revenue guidance for the quarter to between $ 7.6 billion and $ 7.8 billion .
The dispute has led Ukrainian president Leonid Kuchma to cut short a state visit to Latin America .
Shares of LendingTree rose $ 6.21 , or 42 percent , to $ 20.90 after hitting $ 21.36 earlier .
One of the Oregon species was acclimated to a temperature of 65 ( 18.33 Celsius ) , but survived until the aquarium temperature reached 87 ( 30.56 Celsius ) .
Analysts ' average forecast was $ 4.02 per share on revenue of $ 25.56 billion .
Russian Yuri Malenchenko , American Edward Lu and Spain 's Pedro Duque came down in their Soyuz TMA-2 capsule at 2 : 40 a.m. GMT .
Florida ’ s Third District Court of Appeal said on Wednesday the original proceedings were “ irretrievably tainted ” by misconduct by attorneys for the class .
Three men and two women who were at the property were arrested under Section 41 of the Terrorism Act 2000 .
The government charged that Awadallah knew both hijackers when they lived in the San Diego area .
Shares in Tellabs , after initially rising , were unchanged at $ 7.18 on Nasdaq shortly after midday .
Juries in state and federal cases alike have also grown reluctant to impose the death penalty .
They also said the rule will improve the reliability of the nation 's electrical system , which is needed after last week 's massive power blackout .
The other victim , Michael Walker , of 550 Barbey Street , was struck in the neck .
Congress twice passed similar bills , but then-President Clinton vetoed them both times .
Mr. Dewhurst has suggested a cooling-off period , which could give the senators time to go home .
It was centered about 100 miles southwest of Cedar Key and drifting erratically southward , forecasters said .
" 30 years waiting for you , " read one banner hoisted over the crowd , as many concert-goers wept tears of happiness .
BaFin , Germany 's chief financial regulator , and the prosecutor 's office were not immediately available for comment .
" The death of Ghozi signals that terrorists will never get far in the Philippines , " President Gloria Arroyo said .
MSNBC.com first reported the CIA request on Friday .
The biggest threat to order seemed to be looting and crime , including robberies by some of the tens of thousands of prisoners that Mr. Hussein freed last year .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was up a mere 0.04 of a point at 1,653 .
Tyco has said the loan was not forgiven , but that Swartz fully repaid it with interest , according to his lawyer , Charles Stillman .
Excluding food and energy prices , the PPI fell 0.9 per cent , the biggest drop since August 1993 .
" After careful analysis , WHO has concluded that the risk to travellers to Beijing is now minimal , " Omi told a news conference in Beijing on Tuesday .
Pearson , led by Marjorie Scardino , the chief executive , publishes its interim results this week .
Meanwhile , for people aged 60 to 69 , disability declined by more than 10 percent .
Jon Friedman is media editor for CBS.MarketWatch.com in New York .
Japan 's Finance Minister Masajuro Shiokawa said the yen had strengthened too much but declined to comment on whether Japan had intervened in the market to stem the yen 's rise .
Mr. Parsons has served as the director at the Stennis Space Center , which employs 4,600 people , since August .
The pressure may well rise today , with national coverage of the final round planned by ESPN , the cable sports network .
Lower state courts and federal courts are still hearing cases on the recall , but the prospects are uncertain .
In afternoon trading , Aspen 's shares were off 89 cents or more than 27 percent at $ 2.33 per share .
FCC chief Michael Powell presides over hearing Monday .
Both men are being held for investigation of administrative immigration violations .
" Rudolph ate here " , joked a sign outside one restaurant .
" This proposal is modest compared with the space programme , and may seem unrealistic only because little effort has been devoted to it .
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman , who announced yesterday 's ban , also said Washington would send a technical team to Canada to assist in the Canadian situation .
Fire spokesman Gordon Gay said firefighters had an advantage on the northern flank because of burned areas from last year 's Bullock fire .
Independent US programmer Bill Zeller has developed software that lets users download shared music files using iTunes for Windows .
They were released to authorities after officers delivered a six-pack of Dr Pepper to the gunman , using a long stick to pass the soda through a door .
Their belief was based on speculation that estrogen prevents cell damage and improves blood flow .
The American Soldier was first selected as Times Person of the Year during the Korean War in 1950 .
The French Foreign Minister , Dominique de Villepin , is also expected to attend .
" September and third quarter data confirm that demand in the global semiconductor market is rising briskly , " stated SIA President George Scalise , in a statement .
The Dow Jones industrials climbed more than 140 points to above the 9,000 mark for the first time since December .
The lawsuit , filed after a 19-month investigation by the Employee Benefits Security Administration , names former Enron Chairman Kenneth Lay and former chief executive Jeff Skilling , among others .
That was more than double the $ 102 million , or 13 cents a share , for the year-earlier quarter .
SSE shares were unchanged at 652 pence by 0835 GMT but analysts welcomed the deal .
One of the features is the ability to delete data on a handheld device if a user loses or locks down the device .
The Kenilworth-based company said it believes the letter shows that the government plans to pursue a criminal indictment and likely has substantial evidence supporting an indictment .
The attack took place under cover of fog at the Erez crossing on the border between Israel and the Gaza Strip .
Burma pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will be released from a hospital after recovering from surgery but remain under detention at home , her personal physician said today .
Justice Sandra Day O 'Connor said today that she would serve out the next term of the Supreme Court , dismissing speculation that she was ready to retire .
China would become the third nation to achieve manned spaceflight .
The fire has so far charred 11,400 acres on Mount Lemmon just north of Tucson , and more than 250 homes have been destroyed .
More than 100 police officers were involved in the busts that were the culmination of a two-year operation investigating the cocaine importing and money laundering gang .
New cases might continue to appear until the stratospheric supply of the causative agent becomes exhausted , they said .
So far , authorities also have searched areas in Pennsylvania , Ohio , Indiana , and Michigan .
In his speech , Stern says his members are " totally comfortable " with Dean 's positions on health care issues .
Attorney Gloria Allred , who is representing Frey , also filed documents opposing a gag order in the case .
The capsule ended up on its side and appeared to have been dragged about 40ft by the main parachute after landing .
Separate downloadable patches are available for the client and administrative versions of Office .
Clayton Homes ' stock ceased trading on the New York Stock Exchange after Wednesday 's close .
Noah Wyle , who has played Dr. John Carter since the series launched in 1994 , has inked a one-year extension to his deal with producer Warner Bros. TV .
But Mr. Crosby told The Associated Press : " Right from the beginning , we didn 't want to see anyone take a cut in pay .
SCO claims that the Linux kernel holds Unix intellectual property owned by SCO .
Paul Durousseau , 30 , was charged Tuesday with murder in five slayings between December and February , and also is suspected of a 1997 killing in the state of Georgia .
Hewlett-Packard Co . ( nyse : HPQ - news - people ) , the No. 2 computer maker , rose 41 cents , or 2.4 percent , to $ 17.29 .
Last Saturday , a six-wheeled robot developed by NASA landed on Mars and began sending back images of the planet .
Garner said reconstruction will not be as difficult as he anticipated because the war caused less damage and created fewer refugees .
Even when the exchange detected such violations , it " often failed to take appropriate disciplinary actions " against individuals or firms .
Indeed , Wolfowitz admitted Saturday that neither military action nor " large scale bribery " would solve the issue .
Hines died yesterday in Los Angeles of cancer , publicist Allen Eichorn said .
When a manager let him into the apartment , the youngster was lying in a baby 's bathtub , covered with a towel and was watching a TV cartoon channel .
As of Monday , there were 66 probable cases in and around Toronto , a city of 4 million people .
Shares of Xoma fell 16 percent in early trade , while shares of Genentech , a much larger company with several products on the market , were up 2 percent .
In a conference call yesterday , he said , " I don 't think that my brain is going to go dead this afternoon or next week . "
In recent dealings , shares of Roslyn were up 40 cents , or 1.9 percent , to $ 21.25 .
The report said the agent twice called state Rep. Juan Escobar while he was with the other protesting Democrats in Ardmore , Okla .
Bryant was " interviewed and was cooperative , " said Kim Andree , a spokeswoman for the sheriff 's office .
The Institute for Supply Management 's manufacturing index rose to 49.4 in May from 45.4 in April , the biggest monthly gain since December .
The Nasdaq Composite Index rose 19.67 , or 1.3 percent , to 1523.71 , its highest since June 18 .
Under the plan , which GM and Dow were to announce Wednesday in Washington , GM will provide Dow manufacturing plants with trucks containing fuel cell conversion equipment .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 index declined by 4.39 , or 0.4 percent , to 998.88 , after losing 6.11 on Thursday .
Durst 's attorneys contend their client accidentally shot Black in the face as they struggled for a gun after Black illegally entered his apartment .
In a statement , Heyer said , " Dan brings to Coca-Cola enormous experience in managing some of the world 's largest and most familiar brands .
He urged Congress to " send me the final bill as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law . "
In addition , 6,800 people were in quarantine and thousands of health-care workers in working quarantine .
One study found that combination therapy doubled the risk of probable dementia and did not prevent less-severe mental decline .
LendingTree shares rose 43 percent , or $ 6.31 , to $ 21 , more than doubling in the last two months .
The agency said it would consider as timely any tax returns or payments due from Friday through Aug. 22 if they are completed by Aug. 22 .
He led Philippine police to a ton of TNT officials say was intended for attacks on Western targets in Singapore , including the US Embassy .
Schwarzenegger has admitted to occasionally living the life of a playboy : smoking pot , chasing women and living fast and loose .
The EU statement stopped short of endorsing the U.S. charge that Tehran is seeking nuclear weapons but said some aspects of Iran 's programme raised " serious concern " .
In afternoon trading in Europe , France 's CAC-40 fell 1.6 percent , Britain 's FTSE 100 dropped 1.2 percent and Germany 's DAX index lost 1.9 percent .
Treasury prices gained for the third day in a row , pushing the 10-year note yield down to 4.35 percent from 4.36 percent late Monday .
Their father had pleaded with doctors to abandon their efforst after his wife 's euthanasia bid left their son in a coma and he was put on life support .
France , which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. approval for the war , also sought changes .
The State University at Stony Brook launched the study in 1996 , after earlier studies indicated a possible connection .
" We need the somebody who notices them to come forward , " he said at a news conference in which he introduced his successor , Brig. Gen. Mastin M. Robeson .
The test , conducted by UCLA and UC Riverside , was paid for with $ 450,000 from the ARB .
Even if the Senate approves the proposals , they would require the support of the Democrat-led Assembly and Gov. George Pataki to become law .
The ambassador said it was up to the Americans to press the Iraqi council to make the invitation - a move he said the United States appears unwilling to make .
Even the pizza delivery took part , unwittingly delivering a leaflet with the missing girl 's picture during his run to Cruz 's house .
Against the Japanese currency , the euro was at 136.06 yen compared with the late New York level of 136.03 / 14 .
French soldiers later threatened to open fire on a Hema battlewagon that tried to pass near the UN compound .
There was no transcript of Thursday 's courtroom session in Tarrytown , which is 12 miles north of New York City on the Hudson River .
Italian police investigating the Prodi bomb suspect an anarchist group that claimed responsibility for Dec. 21 explosions near his house , according to Italian news agency ANSA .
Both have been identified as some of the hijackers who flew American Airlines Flight 77 into the Pentagon .
The Rev. John Johnston , 64 , was charged with aggravated harassment in the phone call case and with criminal possession of a weapon , according to a police statement .
" The fresh air is going down fast ! " she screamed at Murray .
GM , the world 's largest automaker , has 115,000 active UAW workers and 340,000 retirees and spouses .
One witness told the Anatolian news agency he saw the plane on fire in mid-air .
His wife , married to Moore by a justice of the peace , started planning her dream wedding .
More than 60 per cent of its 1,000 employees at the time were killed .
He agrees that technically smoking could be considered a disability , giving smokers the right to take complaints to the Human Rights Commission or Human Rights Review Tribunal .
On Tuesday night rioters shot one person in the shoulder and beat or stabbed others .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was up 17.48 points , or 0.95 percent , at 1,863.18 .
The Nasdaq fell 49.95 points , or 2.86 percent , to end at 1,698.02 , based on the latest available data .
His harsh criticism of the PLO 's chairman , Yasser Arafat , saw the Palestinian Authority ban his books for a time .
British military police have also been taking statements from 30 of the women who have made the allegations .
The researchers believe the same is true in humans , translating to a 30 per cent greater risk of the disease .
" High-tech scam artists who think they can hijack the Internet should think again , " said Assistant Attorney General Michael Chertoff of the Criminal Division .
Investors kept in mind Tuesday 's warning from Japan 's top financial diplomat Zembei Mizoguchi that Japan would act to prevent excessive swings in currency rates .
During the problem liftoffs , foam left dozens of pockmarks on the thermal tiles that cover much of the shuttle , Turcotte said .
Shares of Redwood Shores-based Oracle rose 14 cents to $ 13.62 .
On Wednesday , Hill is scheduled to become the first person executed for murdering an abortion doctor .
The school had argued that it violated the state 's neutrality in religion .
Schering-Plough shares fell 3.8 percent , or 72 cents , to close at $ 18.34 in trading Monday on the New York Stock Exchange .
Mr Howard also said yesterday that Hicks would be fairly treated , saying he had faith in the US justice system .
A picture of the doctor 's son holding the guitar appeared in the National Enquirer just two weeks after George died .
" I am being forced into exile by the world 's superpower , " Taylor said in an address videotaped at his home .
Thursday morning , PeopleSoft 's board rejected the Oracle takeover offer .
A lieutenant colonel in the People 's Liberation Army , Yang is the son of a teacher and an official at an agricultural firm .
No one has been killed in the recent attacks , which have continued despite serious setbacks for al-Qaeda following battles with Saudi security forces .
Anyone with information is asked to call Detective Kevin Umphrey at 688-4163 or Crime Stoppers at ( 800 ) 458-8477 .
But Vincent Weafer , security director with Symantec Security Response , said all the virus did was visit a pornography site .
He said the prob lem needs to be corrected before the space shuttle fleet flies again .
" We 're a quiet , peaceful town of 862 people and nothing ever happens , " Bennett said .
" September and third-quarter data confirm that demand in the global semiconductor market is rising briskly , " George Scalise , the SIA 's president , said in the statement .
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index gained 2.90 points , or 0.18 percent , to 1,606.87 .
The prizes , from the Albert and Mary Lasker Foundation , will be awarded Friday in New York .
" The accuser arrived at the hospital wearing panties with someone else 's semen and sperm in them , not that of Mr. Bryant , correct ? "
China , haunted by the spread of SARS in its vast countryside , has threatened to execute or jail for life anyone who intentionally spreads the killer virus .
A further 10 million shares were transferred to a charitable trust , after which they were also sold .
Dell 's Personal All-in-One A920 is an entry-level device that combines printer , scanner and copier functions for $ 89 .
In after-hours trading , Hewlett-Packard shares rose 55 cents , to $ 22.86 , according to Instinet .
The Purchasing Managers Index , released on Monday by the Institute for Supply Management , rose to 49.4 in May from 45.4 in April .
But to see those pages Amazon would require users to register , and it plans to limit the amount of any single book a browser can view .
" Oracle 's offer undervalues the company and is not in the best interest of PeopleSoft stockholders , " said PeopleSoft President and CEO Craig Conway , in the statement .
Taiwan ranked No. 3 on the global list for deaths and cases , behind China and Hong Kong .
Our party will never be the choice of the N.R.A. , and I 'm not looking to be the candidate of the N.R.A. , " a reference to the National Rifle Association .
Georgia cannot afford to not get funding , " said county health director Dr. Melinda Rowe .
Sovereign shares closed on the New York Stock Exchange at $ 15.68 , down 74 cents , or 4.5 percent .
A month ago a military transport plane returned to Baghdad when an engine exploded in what officials called a " safety incident . "
" I had no direct interest and Craxi begged me to intervene because he believed that the deal was damaging to the state , " Berlusconi testified .
It was announced on Friday that Goodrem had been diagnosed with Hodgkin 's disease , a form of cancer which affects the lymph nodes .
PRESIDENT Yoweri Museveni has promoted Brigadier Aronda Nyakairima to Major General and named him Army Commander .
The high profile , two-week campaign was designed to show a strong police presence around London and resulted in 42 arrests , which a spokesman said was " pretty impressive " .
Tropical storm warnings were in place Thursday for Jamaica and Haiti and watches for the western Dominican Republic , the southeastern Bahamas and the Turks and Caicos islands .
He was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas .
Johnson and four other protesters , ages 69 to 86 , were arrested for blocking the roadway .
" People just love e-mail , and it really bothers them that spam is ruining such a good thing , " said Deborah Fallows , senior research fellow with the Pew project .
The job had been vacant since Richard Purcell left earlier this year .
" We stand behind this program , " said Dr. William Winkenwerder , assistant secretary of defense for health affairs .
Internal chaos has allowed foreign companies to set up damaging commercial logging and fishing operations without proper monitoring or export controls .
Franklin County Municipal Court Judge Janet Grubb approved dismissal of the charges .
But the technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was up 5.91 points , or 0.35 percent , at 1,674.35 .
Shares in Berkeley-based Xoma lost 77 cents , or 14 percent , to close at $ 4.72 each in trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market .
But the judge , Louis York , said the authority can hold another set of public hearings on raising commuting costs afterward .
The PRC epidemic began in Guandong province in November , but the Communist Party government refused to report truthfully about its spread for four months .
The hospital has been guarded by more than a dozen undercover police and military intelligence officers , said officials .
The agency wants him to return the illegal proceeds with interest and pay civil monetary penalties .
" Yes , I 'm taking his office and we 're going to keep on building and keep on fighting , " he added .
The official , who spoke on condition of anonymity , said that two Iraqis and two Saudis detained after the attack gave information leading to the arrest of the others .
A group of investors said Friday it wants to start a television network aimed at the interests of an estimated 8 million Muslims living in the United States .
The Nasdaq is down roughly 0.4 percent for the month , on track to snap a 7-month streak of gains .
A restaurant worker was sentenced to 30 years in prison Tuesday for the sexual assault and strangling of a sixth-grade girl he met in an Internet chat room .
Palestinian Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas denounced the helicopter strike as a " criminal and terrorist " Israeli attack .
The new processor was unveiled at the Intel Developer Forum 2003 in San Jose , Calif .
Chi-Chi 's has agreed to keep the restaurant closed until Jan. 2 -- two months after it voluntarily closed when the disease was first reported .
Kerry Kennedy Cuomo and Andrew Cuomo have been married 13 years .
Company spokesman Jack Ferry said a search is ongoing but declined comment on its status .
The Dow Jones industrial average finished the day down 98.32 points at 9,011.53 .
" I have proposed to the [ IAAF ] council that Drummond be excluded from the championships . "
A Spanish tanker , Sandra Tapias , was to be loaded with another million barrels , bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA , in the afternoon .
Experts said the case marks one of the first times in which a parent was charged with contributing to a child 's suicide .
Bush said the United States was reviewing documents and interviewing Iraqis in an effort to support the administration 's still unproven claim that Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction .
Last year , Bloomberg snubbed the affair after being told he couldn 't march with cast members of the " The Sopranos . "
Several relatives of Australian victims of the attack sat in the front row of the court , but few Balinese attended the trial .
In the earlier survey , 63 percent of home broadband users had cable modems , compared with 34 percent who connected with DSL technology .
There are 100,000 U.S. troops in Asia , most of them in South Korea and Japan .
After their arrests , the men told investigators they paid to be smuggled into the United States from Canada last month .
Some 11.8 million shares have changed hands , well above its daily average over 10 days of 6.8 million .
Two partners in Grant Thornton 's Italian business have been arrested and are being questioned by magistrates over the collapse of the giant food group .
Byrd , speaking from the Senate floor , said he questioned " the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for purposes of a speech . "
He said the royal family has poisoned the princes ' " little minds . "
Analysts expected earnings of 27 cents a share on revenue of $ 17.7 billion , Thomson First Call says .
Sixteen days later , as superheated air from the shuttle ’ s re-entry rushed into the damaged wing , ‘ ‘ there was no possibility for crew survival , ’ ’ the board said .
The Syrian government has had no public reaction to the clash .
Loyalists are also believed to be behind attacks on oil pipelines and fields that are crucial to Iraq 's economic recovery .
Badat was arrested under section 41 of the Terrorism Act “ on suspicion of involvement in the commission , preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism , ” Scotland Yard confirmed .
Consumers , tired of paying high prices for CDs and DVDs , are looking for flexible forms of on-demand media delivery .
" I 'm pleased we are bringing it to a conclusion , " Garton said .
The seizure took place at 4 a.m. on March 18 , just hours before the first American air assault .
Shares of Cellegy plunged $ 1.99 to $ 3.23 Monday on the Nasdaq Stock Market .
" We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight , " Daschle of South Dakota wrote the Republican president .
It also disclosed that sales -- a figure closely watched by analysts as a barometer of its health -- were significantly higher than industry experts expected .
Under the program , US officials work with foreign port authorities to seek out high-risk cargo before it can reach the United States .
Officials with Torch and JetBlue did not respond to repeated phone calls from the Mercury News seeking comment .
United has paid $ 34 million in penalties for failing to meet employment targets .
The U.S. military 's task , in this period , is to provide security .
Several thousand 3rd Infantry troops , including the 3rd Brigade Combat Team based at Fort Benning in Columbus , Ga . , began returning last week .
Among the proposals being considered is for Zimbabwe to have the opportunity to rejoin the 54-member body before the next Commonwealth Heads of Government meeting in two years .
They will feel themselves to be deceived and they may well dismiss legitimate evidence for the dangers and risks of this and other drugs in the future . "
The two Democrats on the five-member FCC panel held a news conference to sway opinion against Powell .
" I think we can now qualify what is happening as a genuine epidemic , " Health Minister Jean-Francois Mattei said on France Inter radio .
The yield on the 3 percent note maturing in 2008 fell 22 basis points to 2.61 percent .
They often complain about misconduct , " John Goold , chief deputy district attorney for Stanislaus County said .
After the war , she spent three years under Allied arrest .
Cool , moist air moved into Colorado overnight , raising hopes for firefighters battling two wind-whipped wildfires that forced thousands to flee and threatened hundreds of homes .
It cut taxes while still balancing the budget for three years and bringing down Europe 's highest national debt as a proportion of gross domestic product after Italy .
After all , China isn ’ t racing anyone … so there ’ s no great rush , ” Clark said .
Spain , Poland , United Arab Emirates and Lithuania have advised their citizens not to travel to Taiwan for any reason .
The other 18 people in the building , including Harrison 's ex-girlfriend , were not injured , police spokesman Don Aaron said .
Five foreign embassies in Bangkok , including the Singapore embassy , were among those targeted .
Brian Rohrbough , whose son , Daniel , was killed at Columbine , said the tape raises disturbing issues .
The federal government is approving new pesticides without even knowing whether they pose a threat to children , Canada 's environment watchdog warned yesterday .
The t33kid.com site is registered to Parson at an address in Hopkins , Minnesota .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index < .IXIC > jumped 26 points , or 1.78 percent , to 1,516 .
The new effort , Taxpayers Against the Recall , will be formally launched today outside a Sacramento fire station .
He has declined to comment on the charges , but court documents show that a lingering medical condition could contribute to his defense .
The 6-3 ruling reinstates a law that told libraries to install filters or surrender federal money .
Some people trapped in a burning high-rise building in Chicago 's Loop business district frantically dialed 911 for help in escaping the smoke-filled staircases and hallways , officials said .
Boeing shares fell 95 cents , or 3.3 percent , to $ 27.67 at 3 : 30 p.m. in New York Stock Exchange composite trading .
Without an adopted resolution , no Iraqi , U.S. or U.N. entity in Baghdad has the legal authority to export oil .
A new beauty contest kicking off in Italy next week will give pixel-perfect pin-ups the chance to steal sultry Sophia 's sex-symbol status .
This after seven health care workers at a public hospital fell ill with flu-like symptoms .
Analysts currently expect earnings of 13 cents a share and revenue of $ 6.7 billion , on average , according to a survey by Reuters Research .
" It 's hard to imagine we live in a society where parents wouldn 't be notified of an abortion , " Bush said .
The most recent killing was in 1998 , when Dr. Barnett Slepian was shot and killed in his home in Amherst , N.Y.
" I 'm very proud of the citizens of this state , " said Gov. John Baldacci , a casino foe .
Of the 1.1 million infected in south Asia , 62 % are female .
The yield on the 3 percent note maturing in 2008 fell 22 basis points to 2.61 percent .
Clearly Roman creams of any type , paint or cosmetic , do not normally survive ... it 's pretty exceptional . "
The victims drank tainted coffee after the April 27 worship service at Gustaf Adolph Lutheran Church in New Sweden .
The second rover is scheduled for launch on June 25 and both will arrive at Mars in January .
His supporters were also infuriated that Mr Reagan was played by James Brolin , the husband of Barbra Streisand , a leading Hollywood Democratic activist .
In a generous gesture of uncharacteristic compassion , Samudra claims : " At that time I didn 't agree because the people who will be the victims are schoolchildren " .
In a case in August , a 27-year-old laboratory worker in Singapore developed SARS .
Police said three of them had also been detained last week and held for two days as suspects over recent bomb attacks .
The FTC asked the court Wednesday to block the ruling and filed for an appeal .
Recall proponents say they have turned in nearly twice the number of necessary signatures .
Between July 1 , 2002 and June 30 , 2003 , the Red Cross spent $ 114 million on disaster relief , while taking in only $ 39.5 million .
Now research by Melbourne 's Alfred Hospital will change how the public and doctors check for melanomas .
His next play , Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter ? , lasted more than a year on Broadway and was also filmed by Fox .
Stocks have rallied sharply for more than three months in anticipation of an economic rebound in the year 's second half .
All five suspects were charged with robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer .
Jones ' decision Friday ended an 18-month process that included a frenzy of last-minute negotiations between bidders and creditors .
" Leaving aside attorney fees , we 're dealing with bragging rights of who wins and who loses , " said Gammerman .
Mr. O 'Neill had a solution : a 10-year , 100,000-mile warranty , meant to reassure buyers that they could trust Hyundai .
" If it ain 't broke , don 't fix it , " said Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle , a South Dakota Democrat .
Dotson was arrested July 21 after telling FBI agents he shot Dennehy when Dennehy tried to shoot him , according to the arrest warrant affidavit .
Next , Baltimore took Nick Markakis , a left-handed pitcher and outfielder from Young Harris Junior College in Georgia .
Since then , police divers have searched those waters looking for the remaining three .
In September 2002 , floods in the Gard region killed 23 people .
Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist , a Tennessee Republican , said he intended to work to see that the loan provision was not in the final bill .
" We have put a lot of energy into patching , later than we should have , " he said .
The shooting victim was taken to Kings County Hospital Center , where he later died , the police said .
Its safe to assume the Senate is prepared to pass some form of a cap .... The level of it is to be debated .
The other six security agencies will report to a National Security Council headed by Arafat .
He added that if he were diagnosed with vCJD " I would ensure I received this treatment as soon as humanly possible " .
Shares of the company , the second-largest U.S. coal producer behind Peabody Energy Corp. ( BTU ) , were up more than 3 percent at midday .
Microsoft has been awarded a patent on a popular instant-messaging feature that shows users when the person on the other end of the conversation is typing a message .
" The board did so , and accepted that resignation , " said the chairman of the exchange 's compensation committee , H. Carl McCall .
In the first quarter , SCO had reported a net loss of $ 724,000 , or 6 cents per diluted share , on revenue of $ 13.5 million .
Enron spokesman Eric Thode declined to comment on the mediation order .
Adora Obi Nweze , the NAACP state president , said the state has refused to consider the possibility of murder .
The project already has more than 5,000 members committed to relocating to the " free state . "
Palm Beach County is prepared to kick in another $ 200 million to build the institute 's campus .
" This deal makes good sense for both companies , " said Brian L. Halla , National 's chairman , president and CEO .
Noteworthy : Cabrera became the second-youngest player to debut for the Marlins -- 20 years and 63 days .
Rolfe said Linksys overtook Cisco Systems last year as the leading supplier of WLAN equipment .
The teens are being held on charges of robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer , sources said .
On Jan. 1 , Nikia Shanell Kilpatrick , who was pregnant , was found bound and strangled in her apartment .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was down 25.36 points , or 1.53 percent , at 1,628.26 .
The church 's lawyer , Shirley Phelps-Roper , was clear : " What they have done is a thinly veiled attempt to do an end run around the constitution , " she said .
Members of Kathleen Peterson 's family were not present .
Seven Democratic presidential candidates have arranged to address the group , according to The Associated Press .
The transfers would reduce P & G ’ s worldwide work force to slightly less than 100,000 , down from 110,000 several years ago .
This will bring Nissan 's total capital investment in Tennessee to $ 2.75 billion .
The Foreign Office said Heaton was in Saudi detention but had not been charged , and that consul officials had visited him on Thursday .
Excluding legal fees and other charges it expected a loss of between 1 and 4 cents a share .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC gained 1.8 points , or 0.1 percent , at 1,732.50 .
In exchange for new tax breaks , it would remove $ 55 billion of tax subsidies for exporters that are illegal under international trade law .
" We believe the long-term prospects for the energy sector in the UK remain attractive , " Goldman said .
Microsoft 's share of the low-end server software market has increased since the probe started five years ago , but the firm denied anti-competitive practices were the reason for this .
" Two Ex-Im board members displayed courage and environmental leadership in the face of considerable pressure , " said Jon Sohn , international campaigner for Friends of the Earth .
Congress twice sent similar legislation to former President Bill Clinton , who vetoed it .
Immediately after the small explosion , people portraying victims stumbled amid the wreckage as fire trucks and other emergency vehicles converged .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 Index gained 10.89 , or 1.2 percent , to 931.12 as of 12 : 01 p.m. in New York .
The feature , which has the approval of book publishers , puts some 33 million pages of searchable text at the disposal of Amazon.com shoppers .
The injunction was immediately stayed pending an appeal to the Federal Circuit Court of Appeals in Washington .
Holding the market back , News Corp < NCP.AX > fell two percent to A $ 12.34 and Brambles < BIL.AX > dropped 2.3 percent to A $ 4.73 after a weak performance overnight .
Gulping for air , I started crying and yelling at him , ' What do you mean ?
While JI has undoubted links with the terrorist group al-Qaeda , the report says the relationship " may be less one of subservience . . . than of mutual advantage and reciprocal assistance " .
Consolidated volume was moderate , with 1.91 billion shares traded on the New York Stock Exchange , compared to 1.5 billion Monday .
Nordstrom also is expanding its play area in the children ’ s clothes area , adding salt-water fish tanks and activities for children while their parents shop .
Under the proposed stock for stock transaction , LendingTree shareholders will get 0.6199 shares of USAI common stock for each share of LendingTree common stock .
The Justice Department 's Office of the Inspector General described " significant problems " in the Bush administration 's actions toward the 762 foreigners held on immigration violations after the attacks .
Hewlett-Packard is putting in for a second-quarter profit of $ 659 million , or 29 cents a share , on revenue of $ 18 billion .
TSMC feels that Syndia 's actions are designed to interfere with TSMC 's customer relationships , the company said .
Bank of America says its policies prohibit late-day trading , which is illegal .
Ten police officers were facing disciplinary action today after they abandoned their street patrol to go and watch the American illusionist David Blaine .
They have a cell phone and everybody that has a cell phone wishes they had a better one . "
In 1999 the American Film Institute named Hepburn as the 20th century 's greatest screen actress .
Helicopters hovered throughout the day over the Al-Khalidiya neighborhood where the raid took place .
" With Internet usage and broadband adoption continuing to escalate , " Stuart says , " marketers are throwing their weight and dollars behind interactive advertising . "
They weighed an average 100 kilograms and needed to lose between 14 and 36 kilograms .
Physicians who perform the procedure would face up to two years in prison , under the bill .
Microsoft last month said it is updating its MSN Messenger service in October .
Mr McDevitt has been granted control of three aspects of policing by Commissioner William Morrell .
Early Monday , the center of Claudette was about 300 miles east of Brownsville , with maximum sustained wind blowing at 65 mph , 9 mph shy of hurricane strength .
And in the Muslim world , Osama bin Laden , the missing leader of the al-Qaida terrorist network , is becoming more of a hero , not less of one .
That is , if the Recording Industry Association of America has anything to say about it .
Judge Harold Baer concluded Wednesday that lawyers for the two victims " have shown , albeit barely ... that Iraq provided material support to bin Laden and al-Qaida . "
Several passing vehicles and an adjacent shop were also damaged in the explosion .
Boudin , 60 , a former Weather Underground member , was granted parole last month despite heavy opposition by relatives , friends , and colleagues of the slain men .
In the aftermath of Hurricane Isabel , federal and local governments remained shut down , as did schools and many businesses .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index < .IXIC > rose 6 points , or 0.41 percent , to 1,498 .
Retired General Wesley Clark 's entry into the race for the Democratic presidential nomination will almost certainly strengthen anti-war forces determined to unseat US President George W Bush next year .
Revenue rose 26 percent , to $ 817 million , the company , based in South San Francisco , Calif . , said .
Turki Nasser al-Dandani , another suspected Saudi operative for Osama bin Laden 's al-Qaida terror network and top suspect in the Riyadh bombings , remains at large .
Spot gold was quoted at $ 367.90 / 368.60 an ounce at 1000 GMT , having marched up to $ 369.50 -- a level not seen since February 10 .
The money can be used for road upgrades , tollways , public transit or any other means to improve mobility .
Vasile Ionescu , of the Roma Centre for public policies , said : " The princess 's marriage was not set up by force .
Fewer than a dozen FBI agents will be sent to Iraq to secure and analyze evidence of the bombing .
Companies expected to benefit from the funds are Fujitsu Ltd . , Mitsubishi Electric Corp. , Motorola Japan Ltd . , NEC Corp. , Panasonic Mobile Communications Co . Ltd. and Sharp Corp.
Shares of Gillette closed down 45 cents at $ 33.70 in trading Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange .
Im very proud of the citizens of this state , said Gov. John Baldacci , a casino foe .
Buyers can now choose a Windows- and Office-loaded desktop for 12,390 baht ( US $ 298 ) , excluding taxes , the report said .
Quattrone , 47 , was highly influential working in the Palo Alto office of Credit Suisse First Boston during the tech bubble .
The federal courts have ruled that the monument violates the constitutional ban against state-established religion .
It has not come to a vote yet in the Senate Armed Services Committee .
Armstrong , 31 , battled testicular cancer that spread to his brain .
Storage , networking and wireless products will be prevalent at the show .
" I will pass on to him that Canada still remains a safe , secure and reliable supply of energy . "
With increasing numbers of Bluetooth-equipped mobile phones coming onto the market , " people are going to be sorry if they didn 't buy a PDA with Bluetooth , " he said .
The average teacher is a 15-year veteran with a growing workload and slightly eroding interest in staying in teaching , the work force portrait shows .
Against the yen the dollar was down 0.7 percent at 110.73 yen .
Fujitsu will own 40 percent of the company , which will be headquartered in Sunnyvale , Calif .
A senior Malaysian member of Jemaah Islamiah testified on June 26 that Bashir had approved the church bomb attacks and had also called a meeting to plan Megawati 's assassination .
In Lytle Creek Canyon , the rain caused several mudslides , including a 4-foot-high flow across a road that trapped a car .
The arrest was reported in The Washington Times today .
After about three hours of negotiations , the gunman released the hostages when authorities delivered on his request for a six-pack of soda .
The Leader of the Opposition , Simon Crean , said from Jakarta that the reshuffle had been forced by ministerial incompetence .
The outage resurrected memories of other massive power blackouts , including one in 1977 that left about 9 million people without electricity for 25 hours .
The European Union is threatening trade sanctions unless the subsidies are repealed .
Voters in Cleveland Heights , Ohio , approved a proposal allowing same-sex couples -- and also unmarried heterosexual couples -- to officially register as domestic partners .
On Jan. 1 , Nikia Shanell Kilpatrick , who was pregnant , was found bound and strangled in her apartment .
It is a benign web where we hope to catch investors and where each of us can advance our enlightened self-interest through cooperation with others , ' said Mr Goh .
For the third time in four years wildfires closed Mesa Verde National Park , the country ’ s only park dedicated to ancient ruins .
Intel on Wednesday unveiled its next-generation processor for cell phones , PDAs , and other wireless devices .
He is to play host to Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi on Sunday and Monday .
A discouraging outlook from GE sent the company 's shares down 81 cents ( U.S. ) or 2.7 per cent to $ 29.32 .
Previous defense filings said Moussaoui was to be part of an operation outside the United States .
Most of the 250 persons living near the disaster site were asleep when the cloudburst took place , the second such incident in three weeks .
Im hearing the same things I listened to 17 years ago .
The two filed a suit in 1998 and allege they were never warned by IBM 's staff doctors that their symptoms could reflect chemical poisoning .
In the first hour of trading , the Dow Jones industrial average was up 12.98 , or 0.1 percent , at 9,346.77 .
Wyle 's feature credits also include " White Oleander , " " Enough " and " Donnie Darko . "
Economists said those concerns raised the odds that the Fed might reduce rates at its next meeting on June 24-25 .
Nobody is saying such a pill could replace earplugs and other mechanical ear protection .
Of those three , only Dillard 's responded to the survey that ranked 45 large companies on employment , marketing , procurement , community reinvestment and charitable donations .
Other potential suitors are not interested in acquiring only the music business .
DJs will pay homewares and furniture group Freedom $ 10 million to take over the Foodchain store leases .
The Schaumburg , Ill.-based company had scheduled its earnings report to be released on Tuesday after the close of trading .
DVD music took off , accounting for more than five percent of sales , and legitimate online music broadened its reach .
" To make sure that we avoided any perception of wrongdoing , we are not comingling appropriated and nonappropriated funds [ from Congress ] , " said Faletti .
Many of the affected countries , such as Colombia and Ecuador , are considered critical to the administration 's efforts to bring stability to this hemisphere .
Harris also appears in the tape released Wednesday by the Jefferson County Sheriff 's Office .
Another shooting linked to the spree occurred Nov. 11 at Hamilton Central Elementary in Obetz , about two miles from the freeway .
Along with chip maker Intel , the companies include Sony , Microsoft , Hewlett-Packard , International Business Machines , Gateway , Nokia and others .
One of the employees who survived the blast and fire was hospitalized in critical condition in Fort Myers .
Dealers said the dollar also drew some support due to falling Japanese interest rates .
The quick conviction followed a 2 1 / 2 week trial , during which the Venango County man represented himself .
The boy was taken to Nassau University Medical Center , where staff said he was " doing okay . "
An artist painted a sign reading ``CAUTION Low Flying Planes ' ' on a building near ground zero , angering neighbors and stirring complaints .
Mr Jouejati said that with the US-backed road map " in a coma " the attack could easily widen through the region .
Since then , Texas Gov. Rick Perry has called two special sessions trying to push the measure through .
Harman sought to strike a balance as some Democrats pushed for deeper investigations into intelligence on Iraq 's weapons programs .
Authorities evacuated residents and closed off the road leading to Waterman Canyon .
" Martha Stewart is not being prosecuted for who she is but for what she did . "
He was reported as saying Prime Minister Sir Allan Kemakeza had made a deal with him to keep his guns while notorious warlord Harold Keke 's group was armed .
For the entire fiscal year , Micron lost a record $ 1.27 billion on sales of just under $ 3.1 billion .
The analyst , already let go by Merrill , can request a hearing before a NASD panel .
" About 70 percent of the work is already done , " Mr. Tauzin said .
The 36 employees at Think Dynamics will remain in Toronto and become IBM employees , Crowe said .
The appeals court has generally proved a favorable venue for Microsoft .
The seizure at 4 a.m. on March 18 was completed before employees showed up for work that day .
On Friday , authorities had said the state police would head the investigation .
In a 1992 case , the Supreme Court reaffirmed the basic findings of Roe protecting abortion choice , but lessened the standards of protection guaranteed to women by Roe .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX advanced 2 points , or 0.24 percent , to 977 .
The document stated : " This report does not attempt to address the complexities of this issue . "
On Thursday , Taiwan reported 131 suspected cases of the disease -- up 11 cases from a day earlier .
In the evening , he asked for six pepperoni pizzas and two six-packs of soft drinks , which officers delivered .
" Admiral Black has provided spiritual guidance to thousands of servicemen and women during his 25 years of service , " Frist said .
" That failure to act contributed to September 11 and the failure to act today continues [ to put ] Americans in a vulnerable circumstance , " said Graham .
The top speed of Ethernet could hit 40G bit / sec within the next two years , a senior Cisco executive said Wednesday .
Barrenas 's team tested the hearing of 479 men , aged 20 to 64 , who were exposed to noise in their jobs .
Conway called the move " atrociously bad behaviour from a company with a history of atrociously bad behaviour . "
The 30-year bond US30YT = RR lost 16 / 32 , taking its yield to 4.20 percent from 4.18 percent .
Last week its American owners , AES Corp , walked away from the plant after banks and bondholders refused to accept its financial restructuring offer .
Opposition politicians have described it as a " major failure in coastal surveillance " .
Referring to him as only " the witness " , Amrozi accused his brother of deliberately distorting his evidence .
Money from oil sales will now be deposited in a new Development Fund for Iraq , controlled by the United States and Britain and used to rebuild the country .
The trial , which could last until early 2004 , is expected to hear the first of 125 witnesses Friday .
Sobig.F spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in e-mails that contain such familiar headings as " Thank You ! , " " Re : Details " or " Re : That Movie . "
Malvo was in the courtroom for about two minutes yesterday to allow a prosecution witness to identify him .
Saul Dos Reis is scheduled to be sentenced in Danbury Superior Court for the death of Christina Long .
Mr. Ebbers ' attorney Reid Weingarten said he expects Mr. Ebbers to be exonerated .
A request for a two-month extension was denied and the Taiwan Stock Exchange is to ask the Securities and Futures Commission ( SFC ) to suspend trading in Mosel shares .
Americans just want to be liked , she said , but there also is a " huge cost " when world opinion is negative toward the United States .
The findings are being published today in the Annals of Internal Medicine .
The tax is expected to raise $ 90 million .
A couple starved their four adopted sons for years while allowing their daughters to feast on takeaways , police and neighbours said today .
He was sentenced to more than seven years in prison after pleading guilty to charges including securities fraud .
For more than a century , an undetermined amount of money was lost , stolen , or never collected .
" We wanted to kind of smoke him out , to see where he was coming from , " said Robert Schindler .
Bad publicity surrounding warranties has already sent sales into decline .
Operating revenues rose to $ 1.45 billion from $ 1.38 billion last year .
The company has expanded those basic services , offering payment and even financing .
Prosecutors reversed course Friday and said they support moving the murder trial of sniper suspect John Allen Muhammad out of the Washington suburbs .
The phone is available for $ 299.99 with any compatible AT & T Wireless service plan .
Long lines formed Sunday outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines as Israelis braced for the strike 's effects .
Earlier , Bashir 's supporters had defied a police order and cried " Allahu Akbar ( God is Greatest ) " as he walked to his seat .
" We did not want to shut down , " Diamond testified under questioning by Matthew Fishbein , one of O 'Donnell 's lawyers .
The median household earned income fell $ 500 over the same period to $ 42,400 .
Like Viacom , General Electric is seen as a less enthusiastic bidder compared with Bronfman or Davis .
So far , only four companies have licensed Microsoft 's communications protocols : EMC , Network Appliance , VeriSign and Starbak Communications , the report noted .
And SARS , the deadly respiratory disease first detected in China last November , tested the agency 's new state-of-the-art emergency operations center .
The nurse called Allison Smith with the news : The experimental drug that so effectively treated her severe peanut allergy was being taken away .
He was convicted in his absence in January and sentenced to 124 years .
Cindy Cohn , legal director for the Electronic Frontier Foundation , said Monday that section 512 hands too much power to copyright holders .
Avon bondholders have no recourse to Midlands 's assets and at one point feared Aquila would default on interest payments .
The case marks the court 's second major separation of church and state case in two years .
The attack on the Rashid Hotel on Sunday , during the visit of the deputy secretary of defense , Paul D. Wolfowitz , underscores the nature of the problem .
Federal agents said Friday they are investigating the thefts of 1,100 pounds of an explosive chemical from construction companies in Colorado and California in the past week .
The discovery so alarmed researchers that they stopped the study , known as the Women 's Health Initiative .
As for a free trade area , the official stressed that weve got a long , long way to go , and the Pakistanis understand that .
They were there to honor Brick , who died Tuesday battling a four-alarm blaze in an upper Manhattan warehouse .
A $ 500 million coal-fired power plant , for example , could replace $ 100 million in equipment yearly without adding new pollution controls .
Massachusetts Attorney General Tom Reilly did not let the judge 's penny-pinching get him down .
Meanwhile , Hynix Semiconductors voiced strong criticism of the United States , calling its decision an " outrageous tactic aimed at a hidden agenda . "
Early Wednesday , the benchmark 10-year US10YT = RR had lost 16 / 32 in price , driving its yield up to 3.33 percent from 3.26 percent late Tuesday .
A judge already has ruled that double-jeopardy protections don 't apply in the case .
Severe acute respiratory syndrome has infected more than 8,300 worldwide and killed at least 790 , most of them in Asia .
" They did not read footnotes in a 90-page document , " he said , referring to the annex .
The teens are being held on charges of robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer , sources said .
The first Palestinian suicide attack in Israel killed eight people in April 1994 in the centre of Afula .
WALL St regained a positive track today following news that two of Saddam Hussein 's sons were among four Iraqis killed in a US raid in northern Iraq .
Marvell Technology also reported revenue of $ 168.3 million , exceeding the First Call estimate of $ 162.6 million .
In July 32 Singaporean police officers were sent to Baghdad to help train Iraqi police forces and returned home last month .
In addition , the Justice Department said that the FBI has conducted ' ' fewer than 10 ' ' investigations involving visits to mosques .
" We 're being hyper-vigilant , " said Dr. James Young , Ontario 's commissioner of public safety .
Staff writers Frank Trejo and Robert Ingrassia contributed to this report .
In response , Medina issued the following statement : " The accusation that I misappropriated money from Jennifer Lopez is both untrue and offensive .
The fight over online music sales was disclosed in documents made available Monday by the court .
" Smallpox is not the only threat to the nation 's health , and vaccination is not the only tool for preparedness , " his introductory statement says .
The men had Pakistani passports and reportedly were seen together at the airport earlier in the evening , law enforcement sources said .
It would be especially cumbersome for restaurants that change their menus daily , she said .
Drinking caffeinated coffee , you see , may significantly reduce your risk of type 2 diabetes , the most common form of the disease .
United said it the new airline use 40 jets , each seating 156 passengers .
" Prospects for the whole Canadian aerospace industry are improving with recent developments contributing to the enhancement of aircraft financing in this country , " said Paul Tellier , Bombardier chief executive .
Eighty-six U.N. workers who were wounded in Tuesday 's bombing were airlifted out for medical care .
Wal-Mart said sales at stores open at least a year rose 4.6 percent from a year earlier .
The companies say their consumers want to enjoy their content , regardless of the source , across different devices and locations in the home .
Giving up half the duties is one of several negotiating items where Canada appears to have caved in to U.S. demands and accepted less favourable terms .
" Contrary to the court 's decision , we firmly believe Congress gave the F.T.C. authority to implement the national do-not-call list , " the congressmen said in a statement .
Rescue and search operation was on to find them , Manali Sub-Divisional Magistrate Raj Kumar Gautam told Times News Network .
The Columbia Accident Investigation Board has placed the blame for the accident squarely on Nasa .
The findings are published in the July 1st issue of the Annals of Internal Medicine .
Imagine , one said , what a bullet would do in someone 's brain .
Nevada is where the most women smoke , 28 percent .
Shalom said there was also a possibility that " the president will come to this area . "
On Sunday , a U.S. soldier was killed and another injured in southern Iraq when a munitions dump exploded .
To settle the charges , Mr. Tyrer agreed to surrender $ 1.06 million in trading profits and $ 342,195 in interest .
" I have every reason to believe that people understand enough is enough , " Mr. Pataki said .
Big Blue says the SEC calls the action a fact-finding investigation and has not reached any conclusions related to this matter .
" The proposed settlement is too expensive for the ratepayers , " the governor said in a statement .
The Treasury said wants to give retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability eventually to manage holdings online in a single account .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 Index shed 5.20 , or 0.6 percent , to 924.42 as of 9 : 33 a.m. in New York .
In New York , Vivendi shares were 1.4 percent down at $ 18.29 .
They said progress towards resolving the nuclear issue and progress in the trade talks were " interdependent , essential and mutually reinforcing elements of EU-Iran relations " .
And if that ain 't a Democrat , then I must be in the wrong meeting , " he said to thunderous applause from his supporters .
Freddie Mac shares were off $ 7.87 , or 13.2 percent , at $ 52 in midday trading on the New York Stock Exchange .
Class-action suits expand sharply the number of plaintiffs and damages in a suit by allowing initial plaintiffs to sue on behalf of a larger group with common interests .
No charges have been filed in those deaths , but Luzerne County District Attorney David Lupas said authorities were " continuing to make significant progress " in the case .
Synthes-Stratec 's cash payment for Mathys will be made up of money on hand , plus bank borrowings arranged by Credit Suisse First Boston .
DNA tests will be performed to confirm his identity .
Limits on damages make it less likely lawyers will take expensive cases , meaning access to justice is denied , they say .
Iraqi officials here insist that the attacks are being carried out by " outsiders " who slip into Fallujah and attack at night .
The talk , however , has been downplayed by PBL which said it would focus only on smaller purchases that were immediately earnings and cash flow-accretive .
The charges came after the federal government imposed special administrative measures restricting the sheik 's access to mail , the telephone and visitors and prohibiting him from speaking with the media .
Philadelphia 's council is not the first to defy the national policy .
Michael Schiavo has argued that his wife never wanted to be kept alive artificially .
Wire transfers from four of the 40 accounts open at Beacon Hill totaled more than $ 3.2 billion from 2001 to 2002 , Morgenthau said .
After posting $ 3 million bail , Jackson flew to Las Vegas , where he had been working on a video .
US manufacturing grew for the third consecutive month in September , but at a slower rate than in previous months , according to a survey released Wednesday .
Kline 's opinion dealt specifically with abortion providers , but later his office said it also would apply to doctors providing services such as prenatal care to pregnant girls under 16 .
Revelations of the expenditures shocked some employees at Delta , an airline that has posted huge losses and cut jobs as it struggles with increased security costs and fewer passengers .
Upscale department store chain Nordstrom Inc . JWN.N jumped $ 1.49 , or 9.4 percent , to $ 17.35 .
" With the exception of March 2003 , growth in business activity has been reported by ISM members every month beginning with February 2002 , " the Arizona-based group said .
But a source close to the Pentagon said the Defense Department 's own inspector-general had been asked to investigate how the licences were awarded .
Lord of the Rings director Peter Jackson and longtime companion Fran Walsh .
Fatalities in rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the increase in 2002 , NHTSA said .
Under current law , dividends are taxed at standard income tax rates up to 38.6 percent .
Kenneth " Supreme " McGriff was sentenced to 37 months by U.S. District Judge J. Frederick Motz for illegally possessing a handgun as a convicted felon at a Maryland firing range .
" Those rating present business conditions as ' bad ' increased to 30.4 per cent from 28.1 per cent , " the report said .
The Swedish central bank , also meeting on Wednesday , is widely expected to announce a cut on Thursday of as much as half a percentage point .
As far as I know , he wasnt like that , except for getting in a couple fights with his dad . "
They traded down early this year to 60 percent of face value on fears Aquila may default .
Market research firm Dell 'Oro Group estimates that the Gigabit Ethernet switch market will total about US $ 12 billion in 2004 .
Scotland Yard said in a statement it had charged a 46-year-old man and two women aged 27 and 35 with failing to disclose information about acts of terrorism .
Mr. Holden toured Northmoor , where between 25 and 30 homes were either damaged or destroyed and the town hall and police station also were damaged .
As many as 1,200 students at Wheaton College will gather in the gym Friday night for the first real dance in the Christian school 's 143-year history .
Overall , " Kmart needs to dramatically overhaul management in the areas of buying , store operations and sourcing , " said Burt Flickinger of Strategic Resource Group .
The remaining 1,557 genes are believed to be all functional .
" This is the time we priests need to be renewing our pledge to celibacy , not questioning it , " he wrote .
The Pentagon insists the technique has successfully predicted elections and even box office receipts .
Mr Eddington is to meet union leaders today and tomorrow .
If passed , the measure will return to the Senate for concurrence with House amendments .
They researchers say the research could be relevant to other forms of cancer .
The unusual decision to declassify a major intelligence report was a bid by the White House to quiet a growing controversy over Bush 's allegations about Iraq 's weapons programs .
The question is whether there will be a hearing to determine if Bryant will stand trial .
On Oct. 10 , an 18-year-old freshman from Dayton , Ohio , climbed over the same 10th-floor ledge and plunged to his death .
State interior ministry spokesman Vasant Pitke told Reuters that at least 42 people had been killed and 112 injured .
A slit the size of one created in the test would let in a stream of gas three times hotter than a blowtorch .
" The movement to defend pensions is gaining momentum , and we won 't give up , " said Marc Blondel , leader of the Force Ouvriere union .
Other contenders included General Electric 's GE.N NBC , which submitted a letter of interest , a source familiar with the matter said .
That I pulled up their shirt and grabbed their breasts and stuff like that : this is not me .
The World Health Organization and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in the United States have sent a team to investigate .
The Episcopal Church , with 2.3 million members , is the American branch of the worldwide Anglican Communion , which has 77 million adherents .
Crews are told : " If we don 't do this , innocent people on the ground are going to die " , he said .
Zilkha conceded in a statement issued Tuesday that his group may have fallen " a bit short . "
At least two female patients sharing a room and 10 nurses now have fevers or other symptoms , and about 100 of their contacts have been quarantined .
Board member Douglas Osheroff , a Nobel-prize winning Stanford physicist , said : " There were some extremely bad decisions .
" The message to the public is : If you are thinking of getting a flu shot , don 't wait any longer , " he said . "
In 2001 , President Bush named her to the Student Loan Marketing Association , the largest U.S. lender for students .
Beginning Friday , every major exhibitor in the country will donate time to play trailers in more than 5,000 theaters across the United States .
The earnings beat by a penny the consensus estimate of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call .
Material from the Associated Press supplemented this report .
Russia has closed dozens of checkpoints on the border with China and Mongolia , which has also reported SARS cases , until June 4 , Itar-Tass news agency said .
It fell steadily until it dropped as low as $ 2.93 billion in 1998 and rose gradually to $ 3.27 billion for fiscal 2002 .
" He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words ... He gave us each a kiss and that was it , " she said .
" It remains to be seen whether the revenue recovery will be short- or long-lived , " said James Sprayregen , UAL bankruptcy attorney , in court .
Amazon 's shares yesterday closed at $ 54.32 on the Nasdaq Stock Market , up 29 cents .
The new campaign comes just weeks after U.S. appeals court rulings requiring Internet service providers to identify subscribers suspected of illegally sharing music and movie files .
" Sinners have long cherished the fantasy that William Bennett , the virtue magnate , might be among our number , " Michael Kinsely wrote .
The latter would offer preventive health coverage as well as protection against unexpected healthcare expenses , neither of which is currently available under Medicare .
Woori Finance is the only large bank still to be sold but the state retains large stakes in several others , leading to suspicions of government meddling in lending decisions .
They added that decisions have been made about how many troops will be moved , where they will come from , or where they will end up .
The artists say the plan will harm French culture and punish those who need help most - performers who have a hard time lining up work .
Another 28 per cent cited stronger demand , while eight per cent intended to boost profits through price increases .
Revenue in the second quarter ended June 29 was $ 645 million , up from $ 600 million a year ago .
Production for the second quarter was cut to 46 million barrels from 48 million barrels .
The two flight attendants were in a serious but stable condition last night after being rushed to the Royal Melbourne Hospital .
Lee Janzen , tied atop the leaderboard with five holes left , finished with a 68 to tie for sixth with Bob Crane ( 67 ) at 269 .
Saddam 's portrait was added to Iraq 's currency after the Gulf War .
The results were 3 cents a share lower than the forecast of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call .
Knight has 29 interceptions in six seasons , all with New Orleans -- including a team-high five last season .
But Peterson added , I dont know anybody in the conference committee whos fighting to keep it out completely .
One is a statistical calculation based on the number of deaths from pneumonia and influenza in 122 cities .
The company claimed it is the largest sale of Xserves by an Apple retailer .
Tehran has made it clear it will only sign the protocol if a ban on imports of peaceful Western nuclear technology is lifted .
CELF said IBM is pursuing membership and plans to be an active participant in the forum .
In lieu of a direct patch , Microsoft has proposed a workaround that consumers can implement until a new patch is released .
Those two witnesses say that Nelson confessed to killing Rosenbaum , but claimed he did it because he was drunk on beer .
A judge branded Mohammed Dica 's behaviour " despicable " and added : " There is no evidence of your remorse . "
Prosecutors say Mzoudi was involved in the preparations for the attack until the final moment and that he was aware of and supported the attackers ' violent goals .
A secretary for James Eisenbrandt , Wittig 's attorney , said Eisenbrandt was reviewing the report this morning .
Hoffa , 62 , vanished on the afternoon of July 30 , 1975 , from a parking lot in a Detroit suburb in Oakland County .
Attorneys for both the archdiocese and the plaintiffs began meeting last week to reach the out-of-court settlement .
The company 's goal is to offer wireless service at several hundred restaurants by year 's end .
But she was expected to be a victim in a forthcoming ministerial reshuffle .
The boy was a student at Lombardi Middle School in Green Bay .
Adaptable and Carter 's Trading Co. did not immediately return calls seeking comment on Wednesday .
There will be no vote on the issue but those opposed to Robinson 's appointment are thought to be in the majority .
Ciobanu could face up to 15 years in prison under a new law in Romania , according to BitDefender 's Web site .
NTP also said it would seek an injunction preventing RIM from selling the BlackBerry in the United States .
" Of course I want to win again , but I think is worse when you never won before because you are very anxious , " he says .
Mr Berlusconi is accused of bribing judges to influence a takeover battle in the 1980s involving SME , a state-owned food company .
As frequently happens to a company making a major acquisition , PeopleSoft 's shares dropped in Monday 's trading , decreasing 87 cents to $ 15.52 on the Nasdaq Stock Market .
General Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force aboard the command ship Mount Whitney .
Nuremberg , Germany-based SuSE will license Sun 's Java 2 Standard Edition ( J2SE ) and ship Sun 's Java Virtual Machine across its Linux software line .
A passionate nationalist , Mr. D 'Alessandro said : " Canada is a small country , and we need more companies like this . "
" We 're in a highly competitive industry where few apparel brands own and operate manufacturing facilities in North America , " said Phil Marineau , the chief executive .
Florida 's primary will be March 9 , after 28 states ' primaries or caucuses .
These despicable acts were committed by killers whose only faith is hate and the United States will find the killers and they will learn the meaning of American justice .
This was almost certainly its last full quarter before the company becomes a part of Palm .
In July , PC-related products were the strongest sector with microprocessors up 5.6 per cent and DRAMs up 8.2 per cent over June .
Unilever Bestfoods said its " I Can 't Believe It 's Not Butter ' margarine spreads will be free of trans fat by next year .
None of the casualties was Americans , said Capt. Michael Calvert , regiment spokesman .
Trading volume was extremely light at 1.05 billion shares , below an already thin 1.19 billion on Tuesday .
" If the voluntary reliability standards had been complied with , we wouldn 't have had a problem , " Mr. Dhaliwal said .
Earnings were affected by a non-recurring $ 8 million tax benefit in the year-ago period .
The FTC signed up 50 million phone numbers for the list , which was due to go into effect October 1 .
If what scientists are observing is truly seasonal change , the planet will continue to brighten for another 20 years .
But the timing of homecomings for those soldiers , as well as the division 's 3rd Squadron , 7th Cavalry Regiment , is now indefinite .
St George A prosecutor says a Dorchester County couple was responsible for the death of their 6-year-old autistic son whose body was found in a pond near the family home .
The news has caused a rush of people to the Knox County Health Department to get vaccinated .
The company updated the MySQL 4.0 software with the ability to run on the HP-UX 11i Unix operating system and Linux on servers equipped with Intel 's 64-bit Itanium 2 processor .
San Joaquin County sheriff 's deputies found 37-year-old Adan Avalos of Riverbank shot to death inside the SUV .
All three of the teens were charged with offenses including conspiracy to commit murder .
Dennehy ’ s family reported him missing June 19 , about a week after he was last seen on the Baylor campus in Waco .
The key vote Thursday was on a provision that temporarily eliminates the dividend tax .
Human Genome said ABthrax could be available for emergency use as early as the end of 2004 .
Under terms of the agreement , Legato stockholders will receive 0.9 shares of EMC common stock for each Legato share they hold .
Plants still must abide by state and federal air-pollution laws , so there won 't necessarily be any increase in pollution , the administration argues .
Marshall demonstrated his preference for results over rhetoric in preparing the Civil Rights Act that was passed in November 1964 .
But the economy hasn 't shown signs of sustainable growth .
Amrozi did not reveal , and was not asked , the identity of his boss .
The woman felt threatened and went to the magistrate 's office , police said .
" Once the legislation enters into force , it opens the way for police and other personnel to be deployed to Solomon Islands and to carry out law-enforcement functions .
The majority of the dead were labourers from Jharkhand and Nepal .
Judge Harold Baer concluded Wednesday that lawyers for the two victims " have shown , albeit barely ... that Iraq provided material support to bin Laden and al-Qaida . "
The two other national rating agencies are waiting to take action .
Bush shot back : " You 're looking pretty young these days . "
President Vladimir Putin threw his weight for the first time on Saturday behind Russia 's main pro-Kremlin political party ahead of parliamentary elections .
U.S. authorities blame Osama bin Laden 's al-Qaida network for the attacks , which killed 231 people , including 12 Americans .
Tokyo Electric Power Co . , Asia 's largest power company , restarted the first of 17 nuclear reactors it shut down after admitting it falsified inspection reports .
Dr. Ostroff also said it was still too early to know whether a second wave would occur later in the winter .
Kevin Rollins , Dell 's president , received $ 770,962 in salary and a bonus of just more than $ 2 million in fiscal 2003 .
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rose 18.25 points , or 0.19 percent , to 9,586.71 .
Michael Mitchell , the chief public defender in Baton Rouge who is representing Lee , was not available for comment .
At Northwest Medical Center of Washington County in Springdale , one child is in serious condition .
The $ 87 billion budget includes $ 51 billion for military operations in Iraq , another $ 20 billion for reconstruction and about $ 11 billion for Afghanistan .
Mr Sorbello was taken to hospital for a check-up and later released , while Mr Pennisi thinks he may have cracked ribs .
When we opened here , we originally planned an 18-month run as a part of a North American tour .
It is the first " critical " flaw discovered and fixed in the new Windows Server 2003 .
One of the defining and well-studied characteristics of temperament is how people react to novelty .
Two federal agencies are investigating telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia .
The Air Force inspector general and the Pentagon also are investigating .
" He says he couldn 't stop the vehicle ... his statement is he possibly hit the gas instead of the brake , " Butts said .
Between 50 and 100 people die a year due to these allergies , and thousands more suffer severe reactions such as constricted breathing and dramatic swelling .
In an accompanying editorial , two breast cancer researchers said that the effect of hormones on the breast created a double whammy that was " almost unique " in medicine .
Including convertible securities , the total estimated value of the deal is $ 124 million , according to Corel .
Strong Financial released a statement Wednesday night : " We are in the process of a thorough internal review .
About 1,000 people came in stifling heat to begin two days of observances tied to the coming 40th anniversary of the March on Washington on Aug. 28 , 1963 .
" We are going to continue to hammer away at the negotiations process until we reach an agreement , " he said .
AOL Communicator can consolidate e-mail from multiple AOL screen names , as well as from other POP and IMAP-based e-mail accounts .
Grassley and Baucus said they had rejected that approach in their plan .
Britain 's Department for Transport said ' ' the threat level to UK civil aviation interests in Kenya has increased to imminent , ' ' and suspended flights after 6 p.m. EDT .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC eased 8.52 points , or 0.51 percent , to 1,670.21 .
The investigation was closed without charges in 2001 .
Although obesity can increase the risk of a host of health problems , skeptics argue , so do smoking and high cholesterol , which are not considered diseases .
The other 18 people in the building , including Harrison 's ex-girlfriend , were not injured , police spokesman Don Aaron said .
Both were taken to Boston Medical Center .
Nvidia 's acquisition has been approved by directors at both companies , and is expected to close in the Nvidia 's third quarter of fiscal 2004 .
Robert B. Willumstad , 57 , Citigroup 's president , was named chief operating officer .
Taher , acting against his attorney 's advice , became the fifth member of the six to enter a plea agreement with the government .
Stealing identities and credit-card numbers with bogus e-mail and Web sites that appear to come from legitimate companies is an increasing problem on the Internet , federal officials warned yesterday .
" The GPL violates the U.S. Constitution , together with copyright , antitrust and export control laws , " states SCO in documents filed with the U.S. District Court for Utah .
The long-running newsmagazine Dateline NBC has been cut from three to two airings per week , losing its Tuesday berth .
Shirley Hazzard and Edward P. Jones , both of whom needed more than a decade to complete their current novels , were also among the fiction finalists announced Wednesday .
It suggests that Congress consider making the CIA director a professional position , rather than a political appointment .
Pope John Paul has health problems but is firmly in charge of the Roman Catholic Church , the pope 's top aide told Reuters on Friday .
Phone companies , which have argued that DSL should be subject to less regulation , had mixed reaction .
France , Russia , China and even staunch ally Britain had advocated a stronger U.N. role , which they said was needed to give a U.S.-backed Iraqi authority international legitimacy .
Yesterday , Mr. Romanow said it was an affront to democracy to not implement a council that so many Canadians support .
In her autobiography , " Find Me , " O 'Donnell wrote , " I was an abused kid .
The book , scheduled for publication next month , has been described by Franken as a criticism of right wing leaders and media spokespeople .
" But the reality is that there needs to be a big structural change , " Dr. Goin added .
Williams recently toured the new soccer-specific Home Depot Center in Carson , Calif .
Analysts surveyed by First Call were expecting sales of $ 723 million and a loss of 28 cents a share .
Furthermore , Mr Bremer said that as many as 200 operatives from the extremist group Ansar al Islam had slipped back into the country since May 1 .
But the justices ruled that the police supervisor who repeatedly questioned Mr Martinez as he screamed in pain did not violate his Fifth Amendment rights .
In the 1990s , the board found , budget cuts and trade-offs etched away at the shuttle program 's thin margins of safety .
Xerox shares rose 2 cents to close at $ 11.45 on the New York Stock Exchange .
The Dow Jones industrial average closed down 18.06 , or 0.2 per cent , at 9266.51 .
The search was concentrated in northeastern Pennsylvania , but State Police Trooper Tom Kelly acknowledged that Selenski could be out of the area .
Sean Harrigan , president of the California Public Employees ' Retirement System , also suggested paring the NYSE 's 27-member board and allotting more seats to investors outside the securities industry .
Bush 's aides describe Omaha as the most crucial stop , since Senator Ben Nelson , Democrat of Nebraska , has become their top lobbying target on the tax-cut package .
About 130,000 US soldiers remain in Iraq , with others serving in Afghanistan , South Korea , Japan , Germany and elsewhere .
Mr Bolland said : " I was astonished at Sir Michael 's question .
Kurdish forces at a checkpoint near Mosul in northern Iraq seized the trailer on April 19 .
India has also in the past blamed Pakistan-based militants fighting Indian rule in Kashmir , its only Muslim-majority state , for bombs and other attacks .
Apple is working with Oxford Semiconductor and affected drive manufacturers to resolve this issue , which resides in the Oxford 922 chip-set . "
After the deal SSE will sell on Midlands 's power generation assets in Turkey and Pakistan to fellow UK utility International Power Plc for 21 million pounds .
Wells , 46 , said he was forced to rob the bank and asked police to help take the bomb off .
Fox was seeking an injunction to halt distribution of " Lies and the Lying Liars Who Tell Them : A Fair and Balanced Look at the Right . "
McKnight 's lawyers said she had no intention of harming the child .
The underground group has claimed responsibility for a series of arsons against commercial entities that members say damage the environment .
Virtual PC , which Microsoft acquired from Connectix Corp. in February , will not run on the G5 , the company said .
Schools Chancellor Joel Klein said he was pleased by the results .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC dropped 25.17 points , or 1.39 percent , to 1,792.07 , based on the latest available figures .
Daniels told the Star April 20 he was holding back because of concerns over the budget process in Washington and the war in Iraq .
Five alternate jurors also were selected , with a sixth alternate to be picked on Friday .
" It 's nasty , " said JoAnn Marquis , visiting with her husband from Salem , Mass . " After what happened here .
Stewart also faces a separate investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission .
The statewide unemployment rate fell to 6.4 percent , down from a revised 6.7 percent in August .
At a hearing Wednesday morning , High Court Judge Frank Kapanda ordered the men released on bail immediately .
" Our policies are well known and I 'm not aware of any changes , " Secretary of State Colin Powell said Tuesday .
It is widely expected to give Bair formal approval to offer the plane for sale to airlines .
As of Monday , there were 66 probable cases in and around Toronto , a city of 4 million people .
They also disagree over ethanol - sacred in Iowa - and on authorizing oil and gas drilling in Alaskas wildlife refuge .
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC eased 5.16 points , or 0.32 percent , at 1,590.75 , breaking a six-day string of gains .
The stock of Juniper Networks Inc. rose sharply Monday after the Mountain View , Calif.-based network-equipment maker announced a distribution and development deal with Lucent Technologies Inc .
The state has received 19 entries in that competition and is working with families of victims to select a winner .
Villalona put it more bluntly : ``He did a bad job going up there , ' ' he said .
Trading of EchoStar 's stock closed Tuesday at a 52-week high of $ 32.17 , up $ 1.54 .
For lofts , the board proposed increases of 4 percent for one-year leases and 7 percent for two-year renewals .
A month ago , the Commerce Department said GDP grew at a 7.2 percent rate .
Some Wall Street analysts believe stocks have rallied too far , too fast , given the muddled picture of the economy provided by recent data .
Holloway surrendered in Cleveland on Friday and was expected to be transferred to Houston in two weeks .
In New York City , bars and restaurants that allow people to smoke can face hefty fines .
The Episcopal Church ' ' is alienating itself from the Anglican Communion , ' ' said the Very Rev. Peter Karanja , provost of the All Saints Cathedral , in Nairobi .
Through 2040 , Indiana 's population is expected to increase by about 19 percent , to more than 7.2 million people .
They did visit after her feeding tube had been removed , accompanied by the Rev. Thaddeus Malanowski , a Roman Catholic priest who visits Mrs. Schiavo weekly .
In Vienna , the International Atomic Energy Agency said on Monday ElBaradei had accepted Iran 's invitation , but said no date had yet been set .
All five suspects were charged with robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer .
The leader of the country ’ s biggest rail union threatened industrial action today following the second derailment on the London Underground in less than 48 hours .
It will cost about $ 20,000 per average course of treatment -16 to 17 weeks .
OS ANGELES Walt Disney Concert Hall , the new home of the Los Angeles Philharmonic , is a French curve in a city of T squares .
" It was a brazen attempt at intimidation , " said a Republican legislator who attended the meeting .
But Gordon emphasized that the legislation he introduced last week is " a lesson-learned bill and not a reflection on Admiral ( Harold ) Gehman 's handling of the Columbia investigation . "
To the frightened Burns , Richardson said , confessing a crime he did not commit looked like the only out .
The Bush administration wants the measure approved by June 3 , when the existing oil-for-food program is up for renewal .
Advertising revenue at the Financial Times was down about 18 percent in the first half and recent months have seen little improvement .
The Jensens have said they fear the treatment would stunt Parker 's growth and leave him sterile .
A council of up to nine Iraqis will probably lead the country 's still unformed interim government through the coming months , the American civil administrator said Monday .
" It is routine for IBM to challenge its internal IT team to rigorously test new platforms and technology inside IBM . "
Police arrested a " potential suspect " Monday in the abduction of a 9-year-old who was found safe after two days , the police chief said .
Astronomers have found the oldest and most distant planet known in the universe .
For the full year period ending June 30 , 2003 , high-speed lines increased by 45 percent .
We 're seeing some very high levels of widespread flu infections in some places , " said Dr. Julie Gerberding , director of the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
And for the first time , all four pages of the Constitution will be on permanent display .
The Americas market will decline 2.1 percent to $ 30.6 billion in 2003 , and then grow 15.7 percent to $ 35.4 billion in 2004 .
At best , Davydenko 's supporters were naively ignorant to tennis etiquette ; at worst , they cheated – yet went unpenalised by umpire Lars Graf .
Haskell said 57 percent were Hispanic , 10 percent Asian , 7 percent black and 16 percent white .
" These are dark days for our industry , " the Geneva-based International Air Transport Association 's Director-General Giovanni Bisignani said .
The downtime is expected to take 60 million to 70 million board feet out of the companys system .
" The time has come to make public places smoke-free , " they wrote in a letter to the Times newspaper .
Shaul Mofaz , Israel 's Defence Minister , raised the prospect of a ground offensive into the Gaza Strip , in addition to a growing air campaign to assassinate Hamas militants .
I mean , these are violent surgeries , and I wanted to properly convey that . "
The FMI estimates that last year 15.7 percent of the average supermarket 's sales and more than half of gross margin went to pay employee costs , including wages and benefits .
" It remains to be seen whether the revenue recovery will be short- or long-lived , " said James Sprayregen , UAL bankruptcy attorney , in court .
Zuccarini was ordered held without bail Wednesday by a federal judge in Fort Lauderdale , Fla .
Chances are , he will see people who year after year pick the same place to sit .
According to the BBC , the group 's interim report will say its inspectors have not even unearthed " minute amounts of nuclear , chemical or biological weapons material " .
Mr Qarase must now invite up to eight Labour Party members into cabinet .
But Hayes , of the CDC said , " Many complicated interactions come into play that are often difficult to predict . "
Agents described Carlow , 50 , as a " major player ' ' who organized a network of associates operating in as many as a dozen states .
The Prime Minister has taken a hardline stance arguing nothing should be done to lessen the pressure on Mugabe .
Among them are conversations between police , firefighters and other emergency workers , as well as media inquiries .
After that , it will take six to eight months more to refurbish the center , said Thomas Day , vice president of engineering for the Postal Service .
The stock rose 48 cents to $ 30 yesterday in Nasdaq Stock Market trading .
The most recent recession was short and shallow relative to the nine others , averaging 11 months , that occurred since World War II .
Max Factor cosmetics heir and fugitive rapist Andrew Luster was captured Wednesday in a nightclub at the beach resort of Puerto Vallarta , Mexico , authorities said .
Penn Traffic entered chapter 11 bankruptcy reorganization May 30 .
The three men charged with terrorism have been identified as Abdul Azi Haji Thiming and Muhammad Jalaludin Mading of Thailand , and Esam Mohammed Khidr Ali of Egypt .
A captured rebel said 2,100 combatants had been involved in the offensive .
We 're thrilled to be up 3-2 , ' ' Coach Gregg Popovich said Wednesday .
" His progress is steady , he is stable , " said Dr Jack .
Federal investigators are looking for possible connections between the theft of 1,100 pounds of an explosive chemical from construction companies in Colorado and California in the past week .
But August sales were revised to a 1.2 percent increase from a previously reported 0.6 percent gain , fuelling a dollar rally .
Still others cite the difficulty of assembling a group of subjects whose depression is of comparable severity , a problem that complicates the task of properly measuring effectiveness .
At first , the animals ' performance declined compared with the joystick sessions .
Whether it works out timewise with all four , I don 't know but we will see what happens . "
However , applications will have to be rewritten to take advantage of such capabilities .
Complications from flu kill roughly 36,000 Americans in an average year , according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
They include two sitting archbishops , Harry J. Flynn of Minneapolis-St . Paul and Edwin F. O 'Brien of the Military Services , head of all US military chaplains .
The Web site of Hong Kong-based Phoenix TV quoted unnamed experts as saying it would happen between Oct. 10 and 17 and carry two men .
Obus also denied a defense motion to postpone the Sept . 29 trial date .
Wagner and Wolford both said that rescue workers were scrounging for boats to retrieve residents stranded by high water .
" The NAFTA ruling confirms that Canadian producers dump lumber into the U.S. market , " said Rusty Wood , chairman of the Coalition for Fair Lumber Imports .
Shares in Safeway rose 1-1 / 4p to 288-1 / 4p in morning trade in London .
" Tonight he was an offensive catcher , " Cubs manager Dusty Baker said .
Indeed , the Harry Potter series stands in a class by itself .
While robbery appeared to be the motive , the suspects fled before they could take anything , he said .
NITED NATIONS , Aug. 26 International inspectors have found traces of highly enriched uranium at an Iranian facility , according to a new confidential report distributed today .
But in San Francisco , 80 percent of men and only 59 percent of women washed their hands .
" I fear on this occasion what happened is that those bits of the alphabet that supported the case were selected , " he said .
China accounted for 14 % of Motorola 's $ 26.7 billion in sales last year .
It will be distributed through major hardware store chains and local libraries and will be available on the EPA Web site : www.epa.gov.
" The First Amendment does not shield fraud , " Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg wrote for the court in Madigan v. Telemarketing Associates , No. 01-1806 .
Those who ejaculated more than five times a week were a third less likely to develop serious prostate cancer in later life .
The plant plans to shut down its first shift and parts of the second shift Monday to accommodate the president 's appearance , Crosby said .
Sanchez de Lozada promised a referendum on the gas project , a reform of energy laws and constitutional changes .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index < .IXIC > added 1.92 points , or 0.12 percent , at 1,647.94 .
Courant Staff Writer Jeff Goldberg contributed to this story .
But American troops will not shrink from mounting raids in the locations of their foes that can be pinpointed .
The Conference Board said its measure of business confidence , which had fallen to 53 in the first quarter of 2003 , improved to 60 in the most recent second quarter .
There are estimated to be between 400,000 and 750,000 Iraqis employed by state-owned enterprises in Iraq , but most of the businesses are currently inoperative , he said .
Tehran has made clear it will only sign the Additional Protocol introducing such inspections if a ban on the import of civilian Western nuclear technology is lifted .
Prosecutors said there is no question Waagner was behind the letters , which were sent at the same time that real anthrax attacks were killing people in 2001 .
Tuesday 's decision could prove useful to the government in the war on terrorism .
Meanwhile , the Connecticut attorney general , Richard Blumenthal , said he was considering legal action against Mr. Abraham 's order .
Police investigating a deadly hit-and-run accident went to the home of Phoenix 's Roman Catholic bishop on Monday and found the windshield of his car caved in , authorities said .
Robin Saunders , head of the principal finance unit , has made clear she has funding to buy parts of the business .
American and Russian space officials stressed there is no immediate danger to the crew or the operation of the orbiting outpost .
Steverson said Williams , who was white , was a racist .
She also noted that Intel 's servers were not harmed and that the thousands of Hamidi e-mail recipients were able to request that the e-mails stop , which Hamidi honored .
The stock had risen 63 cents , or 3 percent , to close at $ 20.26 in regular-session Nasdaq trading .
Kelly Boggs , Baptist Press ' weekly columnist , will be writing a column each day during the Southern Baptist Convention 's annual meeting this week in Phoenix .
Bush said in a statement that he ordered the U.S. Treasury Department to act following Tuesday 's suicide bombing attack in Jerusalem , which killed 20 people .
At least 36 deaths have been blamed on the storm , 20 of them in Virginia .
" The steps that the Iranians claim to have taken in terms of capturing al-Qaida are insufficient .
The drug was approved for use Friday by the Food and Drug Administration .
Early voting polls will be open from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. Sept . 8 and Sept . 9 .
An investigation by BaFin , the German financial regulator , has condemned the bank 's risk controls .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 Index was up 1.75 points , or 0.18 percent , to 977.68 .
Bryant , 24 , has been charged with felony sexual assault .
Last week , former chief financial officer Franklyn Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy and agreed to cooperate with the government 's investigation .
Mr. Turner transferred about 10 million shares to a charitable trust before they were sold .
MDC spokesperson Paul Themba Nyathi said the Avenues Clinic was targeted because it was handling opposition supporters .
The transaction will expand Callebaut 's sales revenues from its consumer products business by around 45 percent to some one-third of total sales .
Greenspan 's Federal Reserve , the U.S. central bank , decides interest rates in the world 's largest economy .
Cisco has similar relationships with BellSouth competitors SBC Communications , AT & T and Sprint Communications .
Mother-of-two Sally , originally from Coatbridge , Lanarkshire , had stepped on to the escalator when it collapsed .
Low-income earners would pay a 5 percent rate for both capital gains and corporate dividends .
The global epidemic of HIV , the virus that causes Aids , is tightening its grip on Britain with a record number of new cases diagnosed last year .
PeopleSoft has argued that an Oracle takeover would face substantial regulatory delays and a significant likelihood that the transaction would be prohibited .
Others no longer have a good view , it said , because of civilian buildings built near them .
" New York City and Houston fourth-graders were at the national average in writing .
Now she has her first trophy after victory in the US Women 's Amateur Public Links here on Sunday .
The Dow Jones rose 41.61 points Friday , a gain of 0.4 % for the day and 0.7 % for the week .
The Swedish central bank cut interest rates by 50 basis points to 3.0 percent .
Early Friday , the SWAT team burst in and found Hoffine dead .
Kerry outlined last month a UN resolution authorizing a military force under US command and transferring responsibility for political and humanitarian efforts to the UN .
" It is routine for IBM to challenge its internal IT team to rigorously test new platforms and technology inside IBM . "
The NEA report , " Status of the American Public School Teacher , " aims to help education groups shape their agendas and mold the country 's image of teachers .
The CIA on Monday said voice and sound analysts concluded that Saddam is probably the speaker on the tape .
In a public statement , a spokesperson said : " Removing the waiver means nothing when Oracle still has pending litigation in Delaware that opposes the PeopleSoft / J.D. Edwards transaction . "
If those loss reductions continue , further rate reductions should be ordered , Bordelon said .
Mr. Istomin was on the piano faculty of the Manhattan School of Music and participated in Professional Training Workshops at Carnegie Hall .
" This is a cloud hanging over their credibility , their word , " Hagel said on ABC 's " This Week . "
Friends of Animals president Priscilla Feral said she is considering the possibility of further legal action but declined to elaborate .
EMC intends to operate Legato as a software division of EMC from Legato 's current base in California .
Before that he held various posts in Virginia , including deputy attorney general .
" We have found the smoking gun , " said Hubbard , director of NASA 's Ames Research Center in California .
Marcel Desailly , the France captain and Chelsea defender , believes the latter is true .
Walgreen 's shares were up 4.6 % , or $ 1.42 , to $ 32.11 in midday New York Stock Exchange trading .
Other Japanese banks , some of which are still being audited , could face similar scrutiny .
When shown pictures of unfamiliar faces , adults who were shy toddlers showed a relatively high level of activity in a part of the brain called the amygdala .
A female colleague , 25 , was slashed across the face as the man continued to try to reach the front of the plane .
Ahead of the war , Blair cited British intelligence information that Saddam Hussein could deploy deadly chemical and biological weapons within 45 minutes .
Beckham will pocket a weekly salary of about $ 213,000 and earn $ 10 million a year , plus bonuses .
Grant , a 22-year Monsanto veteran , also has been elected to the company 's board of directors , Monsanto said in a statement .
Tab shares jumped 20 cents , or 4.6 % , to set a record closing high at A $ 4.57 .
" The releases are the latest in a series of efforts by the government to move Myanmar closer to multiparty democracy and national reconciliation , " a government statement said .
" The other guy , he 's ashamed of his party , and I don 't blame him .
One group had taken the other group 's human cargo earlier , he said .
UK retail like-for-like sales for the 17 weeks to December 27 were flat , with gross margin down two percentage points .
The US administration responded coolly to the EU deadline , warning that trade sanctions would backfire by hurting European consumers but pledging " to comply with our international obligations " .
Without the shuttle fleet , NASA is relying on the Russian space program to rotate crew members on the International Space Station and send new supplies to the orbiting laboratory .
Cruz came to the United States in 1960 , a year after Fidel Castro overthrew a dictatorship and installed a Communist government .
Thirty-eight percent of cancer patients in five urban clinics believed the myth that the disease spreads when exposed to air during surgery , according to a survey .
" We condemn and denounce the Governing Council , which is headed by the United States , " Moqtada al-Sadr said .
Bob Hope , the master of one-line quips , died Sunday night " with a smile on his face , " his daughter said yesterday .
No one has found blood , bones or any other trace of the child .
Since late last year , for example , more than 1,800 members of the American military have been placed in Djibouti to conduct counterterrorism operations in the Horn of Africa .
He is expected to ask for a lifeline of around € 50m to pay suppliers and keep the company afloat .
NEW YORK - ( Dow Jones ) - Former star investment banker Frank Quattrone pleaded not guilty Tuesday to criminal charges of obstruction of justice and witness tampering .
Frank Partnoy , a securities-law professor at the University of San Diego School of Law , said the case suggests Merrill Lynch 's oversight and control of its executives was inadequate .
Researchers at Sweden 's Karolinska Institute recently went over data from more than 2,000 children treated with radiation for a harmless birthmark condition between 1930 and 1959 .
The previous biggest R rated opening was " Hannibal 's " $ 58 million .
Quinn was assigned to the 3rd Armored Cavalry Regiment , based in Fort Carson , Colo .
It is one of only three states in the Arab League to hold full diplomatic relations with Israel .
It calls for the return of U.N. weapons inspectors to verify that Iraq is free of weapons of mass destruction .
Products featuring Vanderpool will be released within five years , he said .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 6 points , or 0.41 percent , to 1,498 .
Daren and Barbara Jensen refused to heed doctors ' recommendation of chemotherapy , fearing the treatment would stunt Parker 's growth and leave him sterile .
The tone was set by Hu , 60 , who became the Communist Party 's general secretary last November and then the country 's president this March .
Only two other countries , the Dominican Republic and Germany , publicly expressed reservations about the treaty , and Germany has since said it will support the pact .
Workers cleaning up a postal distribution center where four letters laced with anthrax had passed through two years ago planned to complete the fumigation operation early Sunday .
Muslim immigrants have used the networks _ which rely on wire transfers , couriers and overnight mail _ to send stashes of cash overseas to their families .
One of the shooting victims died , according to Webster Police Chief Gerald Pickering .
In early December , immigration inspectors at Hartsfield will be able to match the fingerprints to the federal government 's computerized " watch lists , " Williams said .
H-P came in second with nearly $ 3.32 billion in sales and 26 percent of the market 's revenue .
HCA Inc . ( nyse : HCA - news - people ) , the largest U.S. hospital chain , dropped $ 1.21 , or 3.2 percent , to $ 37.14 .
Water samples are being sent to the state health department for analysis .
The House passed the bill 87-26 after the Senate approved it , 32-4 .
Anhalt said children typically treat a 20-ounce soda bottle as one serving , while it actually contains 2.5 .
" We stand behind this program , " said Dr. William Winkenwerder , assistant secretary of defense for health affairs .
Normally , redistricting is done every 10 years based on population changes in the census .
The company is also testing its cancer drug Rituxan for use by rheumatoid arthritis patients .
Police said on Monday they believed Cruz knew of the fourth-grade girl through one of her former schoolmates , although neither the girl nor her family knew him .
Cruz looked like a police sketch of the suspect and had injuries consistent with what police expected from the struggle he had with Jennette 's mother , Chief William Lansdowne said .
Belgium said yesterday that it has decided to scrap a war crimes law used to launch cases against President Bush and Prime Minister Ariel Sharon of Israel .
Executive recruiters say that finding a seasoned chief merchandising officer perhaps will be the trickiest of all hires .
" I still want to be the candidate for guys with Confederate flags in their pickup trucks , " he told the Register .
Lower courts have splintered on the issue , allowing depictions of the Ten Commandments in some instances and not in others .
But he is the only candidate who has won national labor endorsements so far , picking up his 11th on Tuesday .
Douglas Meester , 20 , is charged with rape , sodomy , indecent assault , and providing alcohol to minors .
Schwarzenegger picks up more independents and crossover voters than Bustamante .
According to an arrest warrant released Tuesday , Dotson admitted to FBI agents that he shot Dennehy in the head " because Patrick had tried to shoot him . "
Beginning sometime next year , holders of existing paper bonds will be encouraged to exchange them for electronic versions .
Humphries , and his father , William , arrived at IU in the early afternoon and spent the day with IU coach Mike Davis .
Those systems typically combine institutional and community care and are paid for with combinations of state , federal and private money .
But as time passed and more people were shot , Moose had to admit that he couldn 't give the public what it needed most from the police - safety .
The yield fell 7 basis points to 3.61 percent , the lowest since March 12 and within 7 basis points of a 45-year low .
The format must be formally ratified by an internationally recognized standards organization , and IP must be licensed under reasonable , non-discriminatory terms , they added .
Furthermore , with the target fed funds rate at 1 percent , " substantial further conventional easings could be implemented if the FOMC judged such policy actions warranted . "
The free service was originally intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketer calls .
But the US insisted it wanted more done to prevent complaints being filed in the first place , preferably by repealing the entire law .
Both Counterpane and iDefense contend that the exploit works effectively against Windows 2000 systems running Service Pack 3 and 4 .
SARS has also taken a toll on Taiwan 's economy , hammering consumer spending , with shops , restaurants and airports empty while people stay at home .
Gov. Don Carcieri said the ruling shows that state taxation laws apply to any tribal activity .
" I am advised that certain allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my counsel J. Michael Boxley , " Silver said .
" A really robust space program could be had for a mere 20 cents a day from each person , " he said .
Axcan 's shares were down 3.8 percent , or 66 Canadian cents , at C $ 16.90 in Toronto on Tuesday .
The boys are expected to surrender voluntarily to Pennsylvania authorities within the next several days , Zimmer said .
The council includes 13 Shiites , five Kurds , five Sunnis , one Christian and one Turkoman .
McNair was stopped just after midnight by a police officer who reportedly saw his sports utility vehicle weaving on a downtown street .
U.S. stocks fell after Cisco Systems Inc . , the world 's biggest maker of networking-equipment , forecast that sales will be unchanged this quarter .
Less than a mile away , across a river , St. Joseph features trendy restaurants , boutiques , offices and a picturesque beach front .
" We 're making these commitments first and foremost because we think it 's the right thing to do , " company spokesman Michael Mudd said yesterday .
" She started beating me with her hands about the head until I ran into the other room , " Mr Gest says of one incident .
" Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling ... against little or no competition , " Hubach said in the statement .
Justices Anthony Kennedy , Sandra Day O 'Connor and Stephen Breyer dissented .
Mayor Bloomberg said the " behavior of the people in question was a disgrace and totally inappropriate for city employees . "
The technology-focused Nasdaq Composite Index < .IXIC > advanced 6 points , or 0.30 percent , to 2,053 , erasing earlier losses .
Revenue rose 5.4 percent to $ 45.9 billion from $ 43.6 billion a year ago .
Twenty-seven Iraqis were killed , pushing the number of opposition deaths to about 100 in a U.S. operation to hunt down supporters of Saddam Hussein 's fallen regime .
The dollar rose around 0.6 percent against the Japanese currency to 109.51 yen < JPY = > and climbed 1 percent against the Swiss franc to 1.3302 francs < CHF = > .
The hearing occurred a day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer , Dallager , for not addressing the scandal .
Then , about two decades ago , U.S. District Court Judge Walter Rice , the Aviation Trail group and others made a decision to protect and polish what remained .
Some 34.7 million shares have been tendered , Oracle said in a statement .
The two companies plan further analysis of the subset data and will discuss the results with regulatory agencies .
ATA also has hired Citigroup and Morgan Stanley to evaluate options for refinancing or restructuring $ 175 million of 10.5 percent senior notes due in August 2004 .
Three undocumented immigrants were found dead inside a railroad hopper car Tuesday , two days after fellow immigrants escaped the sweltering car and left behind their weakened companions .
Under the House-passed plan , seniors would pay 20 percent of drug costs , plus a $ 250 deductible annually .
Minister Saud al-Faisal 's visit was disclosed by two administration officials , who spoke on condition of anonymity .
Not surprisingly , broadband nation Korea leads the way in broadband penetration , with approximately 21 broadband subscribers for every 100 inhabitants .
North Korea has demanded one-to-one talks with the United States .
" We think PeopleSoft customers deserve the right to choose , " Ellison said .
The deal is expected to close later this month .
Sheriff 's deputies found Ahmad in his truck after it crashed into a building at Lincolnshire and Williamsborough drives , just south of the Sacramento city limits along Franklin Boulevard .
But Lawtey is the first entire prison to take that path .
Microsoft acquired Virtual PC from its developer , Connectix , earlier this year .
" It 's probably not the easiest time to come in and take over the shuttle program , " Mr. Parsons said at a news conference at NASA headquarters .
Australia will introduce legislation later this year to ban spam , the Minister for Communications , Information Technology and the Arts , Senator Richard Alston , announced today .
The dollar rose 0.15 percent against the Japanese currency to 115.97 yen .
Those hot , dry Santa Ana winds and minimal humidity created optimal conditions for raging fires in at least 10 places that have already burned nearly 200,000 acres .
" This is a clear attempt to pinch money , " said Graham Cluley , senior technology consultant with U.K.-based Sophos PLC .
That task appealed to two masters of the megabyte , Peter Lyman and Hal Varian , professors at the University of California-Berkeley 's School of Information Management and Systems .
Residents of 220 homes forced out of their houses Sunday returned Monday , many to flooded basements or lower floors .
Manuel and his group entered the US the same way thousands of people do every day , by walking across the bridge between Matamoros and Brownsville .
The 92-year-old former president is suffering from Alzheimer 's disease .
The Cleveland Cavaliers won the right to draft James by winning the NBA 's annual lottery Thursday night .
The Yankees are in their first team-wide slump of the season .
Once identified , terrorist remains are immediately removed from the so-called memorial park , a temporary refrigerated storage facility on Manhattan where the unidentified remains are stored .
They fear the treatment would stunt the boy 's growth and leave him sterile .
Under the House-passed plan , seniors would pay 20 percent of drug costs , plus a $ 250 deductible annually .
Levant 's other credits include " The Flintstones , " " Jingle All the Way " and " Beethoven . "
In addition , two of his cousins - members of the Jordanian royal family - have been mentioned as possible competition for the throne .
The amendment deals with the free exercise of religion versus the government establishment of a religion .
The current plan is to release videotapes of the sessions on Friday , after the review , said Jim Landale , a tribunal spokesman .
" What this allows us to do is have a crossover that is much more fuel- efficient , aimed at young families , " Mr. Cowger said .
The indictment says the investment was a breach of fiduciary duties and resulted in the state pension fund immediately losing $ 1 million .
The NCSD has about 60 employees , Robert Liscouski , the assistant secretary of homeland security for infrastructure protection , said at a briefing today .
Mr. Kozlowski contends that the event was in large part a business function .
IG Farben 's 500 properties were valued at around 38 million euros ( $ 43.63 million ) and the firm had debts totalling some 28 million euros .
Germans represent more than a quarter of all foreign visitors to Italy and 40 percent of hotel bookings .
" Spam knows no borders , " said Brad Smith , Microsoft 's senior vice-president and general counsel .
Two of the six people that testified to Congress today were engaged in a bitter dispute over airing Yankees games .
" Such communication will help adult smokers make more informed choices , " company vice president Richard Verheij told a separate hearing , before a House Energy and Commerce subcommittee .
Turner said he transferred 10 million additional shares to a charitable trust , which also liquidated them .
The Columbia broke apart during descent on Feb. 1 , killing all seven astronauts aboard .
Microsoft in Europe could not be immediately reached for comment .
Byrne says he got carried away with PowerPoint and just " started making stuff . "
Dotson was taken to an area hospital for a psychiatric evaluation .
Congress passed the measure twice and President Bill Clinton ( news - web sites ) , citing the lack of a health exception , vetoed it .
Tonight a spokesman for the Russian Foreign Ministry said it might issue a statement on Thursday clarifying Russia 's position on aiding Iran 's nuclear-energy efforts .
The benchmark 10-year Bund yield was down 5.2 basis points at 3.60 percent .
He added : " No one has anything to fear from being correctly identified , but everything to fear from their identity being stolen or misused . "
Orville Wright 's laboratory was once there - where he developed a split airplane wing , tinkered with cars and even built toys .
Charles Howell III picked up some local knowledge a year ago that provided some much needed insight in Thursday 's opening round of the Memorial Tournament .
The company will offer songs for 99 cents and albums for $ 9.95 .
U.S. District Judge William Barbour said he imposed the maximum because Avants showed no remorse .
They appear in the Oct. 23 issue of The New England Journal of Medicine .
" That really affects the companies , big time , " said Jim Santangelo , president of the Teamsters Joint Council 42 in El Monte .
Vaccine makers have been thrust into the limelight as government programs encourage wider vaccination amid fears of biological attacks .
Spending on research and development is expected to be $ 4.4 billion for the year , compared with the previous expectation of $ 4.3 billion .
Six were from Douglas County , which includes Roseburg , and two from the Portland area .
BA shares closed down 0.89 percent at 167-1 / 2 pence , slightly lower than London 's FTSE 100 Index which was down 0.28 percent .
Potter added that sales of grocery and other consumer packaged products are the strongest but sales of discretionary items such as decorative accessories are still weak .
WorldCom , decimated by a massive accounting scandal , is adopting the name of its MCI long-distance division in a bid to clean up its image .
Dynes will be paid $ 395,000 a year ; Atkinson 's salary is $ 361,400 .
Schneiderman said the price would reflect the agency 's legitimate financial status as well as riders ' concerns about having to pay 33 percent more at the turnstile in a recession .
He added : " Let the process be put in place that will ensure a smooth transition from war to peace .
The informant alleged that the two arrested men were trying to engage Russian exiles in Britain in the conspiracy to kill Mr Putin .
The ITC midpoint review of the tariffs outlines their impact so far on the domestic steel industry and steel consumers .
The address made no mention of the role of terrorist organisation Jemaah Islamiyah , which was behind the attacks .
Of the unstressed women , 23 developed breast cancer and 871 did not .
The dice are rolling at Borgata Hotel Casino & Spa .
BellSouth added 111,000 DSL customers during the quarter to reach a total of 1.3m subscribers .
The results appear in the January issue of Cancer , an American Cancer Society ( news - web sites ) journal , being published online Monday .
That would represent an increase of some 10 per cent from the year before , it added .
After a mechanic found 33 pounds of marijuana in a secret compartment , Rodriguez , who was at the auto shop , agreed they should notify police .
The new WPAN standard uses the 2.4 GHz unlicensed frequency band and specifies raw data rates of 11 , 22 , 33 , 44 and 55Mbit / s .
You know I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life , Limbaugh said during a stunning admission aired nationwide on Friday .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX was off 1.67 points , or 0.17 percent , at 995.81 .
The nation 's capital was quiet today , with the federal government shut down for the second day .
The Texas house requires 100 of its 150 members to present in order to conduct business .
The program , which only briefly downloads the pornographic material to the usurped computer , is invisible to the computer 's owner .
Shares in GE were down 7 cents to $ 28.12 by the close of trading in New York .
Peterson , 30 , is awaiting trial on two counts of murder for the deaths of his wife , Laci , and their unborn son .
A PAEDOPHILE from Twickenham has been described by police as the most prolific ' internet groomer ' ever caught .
More than 130 people have been arrested and $ 17 million worth of property seized in an Internet fraud sweep announced Friday by three U.S. government agencies .
Shaklee spokeswoman Jenifer Thompson referred all calls to the FBI .
At 11 a.m. ( 1500 GMT ) , the 10-year note US10YT = RR was up 11 / 32 for a yield of 3.36 percent from 3.40 percent Wednesday .
" It looks very much like an isolated event , " World Health Organization spokeswoman Maria Cheng said .
Both have aired videotapes apparently from deposed Iraqi President Saddam Hussein , encouraging Iraqis to fight the U.S. occupation .
Scientists are working to determine how exactly how acrylamide is formed in food .
But Miami is competing with eight other cities , including Atlanta ; Panama City ; Port-of-Spain , Trinidad ; and Cancn , Mexico .
European Central Bank President Wim Duisenberg said in a televised interview that it was too soon to discuss further interest rate cuts in the euro zone .
Detective Chief Inspector Norman McKinlay , leading the investigation , said : " There is evidence a body or bodies have been in this area .
The report details crime reported to law enforcement agencies statewide .
Razali Ismail met for 90 minutes with Suu Kyi , a 1991 winner of the Nobel Peace Prize , at her lakeside home , where she is under house arrest .
Yucaipa bought Dominick 's in 1995 for $ 693 million and sold it to Safeway for $ 1.8 billion in 1998 .
Mr Blix said : " I don 't know exactly how they calculated this figure of 45 minutes in the dossier .
Ursel Reisen confirmed it had been operating the coach , but declined to give details of the passengers other than to say they were of mixed ages .
Shareholders will get 0.86 PeopleSoft share , or $ 13.11 , for each J.D. Edwards share , based on recent trading prices .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX climbed 17.08 points , or 1.74 percent , to 998.68 .
Platinum prices soared to 23-year highs earlier this year after U.S. President George W. Bush proposed investing $ 1.2 billion for research on fuel cell-powered vehicles .
Germany , another opponent of the war currently on the U.N. Security Council , in recent weeks has moved closer to Washington and did not insist on a timetable .
They are actually going to record sales for Velcade this year , " said Matt Geller , an analyst at CIBC World Markets .
A total of 16.3 million lines provided advanced services , those services at speeds exceeding 200 kbps in both directions .
" The president 's campaign in 2000 set a standard for disclosure in political fund raising and the campaign will again in 2004 , " said Dan Ronayne , a campaign spokesman .
InterActiveCorp 's shares closed at $ 34.19 , down $ 2.81 , or 7.6 percent on the Nasdaq Stock Market .
Southwest said it completed inspections of its entire fleet of 385 aircraft and found no additional items .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was down 25.36 points , or 1.53 percent , at 1,628.26 .
It held elections in 1990 , but refused to recognise the results when Miss Suu Kyi 's National League for Democracy won by a landslide .
Months later , an unknown shooter killed Dr. Wayne Patterson , who ran Gunn 's clinic .
Earlier this week , Putnam said the Manhattan U.S. Attorney had subpoenaed its trading documents , raising the possibility of a criminal indictment .
Douglas Meester , 20 , is charged with rape , sodomy , indecent assault , and providing alcohol to minors .
Imam Samudra , leader of the team that carried out the bombing , was sentenced to death last month .
Quattrone lawyer John W. Keker said his client is innocent .
According to the Census Bureau , the Hispanic population increased by 9.8 percent from the April 2000 census figures .
The prime ministers of China , Russia and four Central Asian countries signed agreements on Tuesday that set plans in motion for a long-awaited regional anti-terrorism centre in Uzbekistan .
A charter plane crashed in Turkey on Monday , killing all 75 people aboard , including 62 Spanish peacekeepers returning from Afghanistan , officials said .
Subway and bus fares rose 33 percent , from $ 1.50 to $ 2 , on May 4 , while average 25 percent increases took effect May 1 on suburban trains .
The broad Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX inched up 3 points , or 0.32 percent , to 970 .
The anguish could be heard in the voices of Mr Forlong 's television colleagues who would speak .
Mr. Chapman , who hasn 't been arrested , is expected to appear for arraignment next Thursday , prosecutors said .
Under a proposed plan of arrangement , Slocan shareholders will receive 1.3147 Canfor shares for every Slocan share they own .
Moroccan Interior Minister Al Mustapha Sahel told state-run 2M television late Saturday the investigation " points to a group that has been arrested recently " an apparent reference to Salafist Jihad .
The women had follow-up examinations in 1974-75 , 1980-81 and 1992-93 , but were not asked about stress again .
Japan 's Tohoku Electric Power Co Inc said an 825,000-kilowatt ( kW ) nuclear reactor , the Onagawa No.3 unit in northern Japan , automatically shut down due to the quake .
Currently living onboard the space station are American astronaut Ed Lu and Russian cosmonaut Yuri Malenchenko .
According to Central Command 's initial reports , the attackers fired from a mosque in the city .
Rumsfeld is awaiting recommendations from his commanders about troop needs in Iraq .
The Prime Minister today admitted that critics are “ rubbing their hands at the scope for embarrassing him ” .
After their arrests , sources said the men admitted they were smuggled into Washington state from Canada in July .
Kerkowski and Fassett 's bodies were unearthed at Selenski 's Mount Olivet Road home on June 5 .
Mr. Nelson heard people shout : " There 's a Jew .
After Mao 's death in 1976 , she was tried and sentenced to death , later commuted to life .
Both executives face up to 10 years in prison and a $ 1 million fine for securities fraud .
Quattrone , 47 , is charged with obstruction of justice and witness tampering .
Freddie Mac shares fell $ 1.50 on Wednesday , to close at $ 50 on the New York Stock Exchange .
The production index rose to 52.9 percent from 51.5 percent in May .
Throughout China 's mainland , the disease has killed 300 people and infected more than 5,270 .
The second company , to be called Prisma Energy International Inc . , includes 19 international power and pipeline holdings .
Inquests into the deaths of Diana , Princess of Wales and Dodi Fayed will be formally opened in the New Year , the Royal Family 's coroner announced yesterday .
He had performed outside of Cuba on several occasions , including shows in the United States last year .
The federal agency has been investigating whether several energy companies manipulated energy markets by reporting false natural gas trading prices to industry publications .
State Rep. Ron Wilson , a Houston Democrat , joined nine Republicans in approving the bill Saturday .
Second-quarter sales grew 7 percent , to $ 645 million from $ 600 million in 2002 .
The collaboration gives architect David Childs , who has done extensive work with Silverstein , the lead role in developing the tower , which is to be the world 's tallest .
" As of now , they are not supposed to wear anything on their heads but a NYC transit depot logo cap , " Baldeo said .
" By its actions , " Lieberman said , " the Bush administration threatens to give a bad name to a just war . "
The findings , published Tuesday in the Journal of the American Medical Association , were the latest bad news about estrogen-progestin therapy .
In Washington , FBI spokesman John Iannarelli said Sunday the bureau will provide forensic analysis of the wreckage .
Koizumi told reporters at his office that Konoike 's remarks were " inappropriate . "
" This man gambled with our lives and we , the passengers , lost , " said passenger Andres Rivera Jr . , whose 15-year-old niece , Jazmine Santiago , was killed .
Goldman offered the shares for sale to institutional investors at $ 13.15 each , said the traders , who received calls from the securities firm 's sales force .
Kempenaers said fidelity still exists in some species , notably swans and sea birds such as the albatross that mate for life and are never unfaithful to their partners .
They include two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports , and the remainder are Iraqis and Saudis , the official said .
The contact between the delegations ended a diplomatic drought between the two nations , at odds over the nuclear program and U.S. demands that it cease immediately .
Against the Swiss franc the dollar was at 1.3289 francs , up 0.5 percent on the day .
She insisted that throughout the mission , managers " were basing our decisions on the best information that we had at the time . "
The computers were located in the United States , Canada and South Korea , he said .
Hong Kong has not seen such a protest since hundreds of thousands marched in outrage over the 1989 massacre of democracy activists occupying Beijing 's Tiananmen Square .
U.S. District Judge Edward W. Nottingham in Denver denied an FTC request to suspend his decision while the agency appeals .
Meanwhile , the main subject of oil market debate , Iraq , will not send a delegation , an issue that has rankled Iraqi officials .
It fell 0.5 percent after UBS downgraded it to " neutral " from " buy , " citing valuation .
A federal appeals court on Thursday overturned a judge 's order that would have forced Microsoft to include competitor Sun Microsystems ' Java software in its Windows operating system .
Recall proponents say they have turned in nearly twice the number of necessary signatures .
A black pickup truck was also seen in the Campbells Creek area , Morris said .
For the current academic year , tuition at public colleges averaged $ 4,694 , up almost $ 600 from the year before .
The memo analyzed lawful activities like recruiting demonstrators , as well as illegal activities like using fake documentation to get into a secured site .
The presiding bishop of the Episcopal church , Frank Griswold , declined to comment on Saturday 's development .
Referring to a Muslim fighter in Somalia , Boykin said that " my God was bigger than his .
His aides warn an abrupt departure could trigger more bloodshed , a view shared by many in Liberia .
Paul Adams , BAT managing director , will take over as chief executive in January .
MALAYSIA will launch a publicity campaign in local newspapers today giving its version of the water dispute with Singapore .
" Microsoft had absolutely nothing to do with AtStake 's internal personnel decision , " Sundwall said .
A sour forecast from Sun Microsystems Inc . SUNW.O put more pressure on Wall Street before the quarterly earnings season .
A statement from the allied command said that the raid was part of " the continued effort to eradicate Baath Party loyalists , paramilitary groups and other subversive elements . "
" Savage made an extremely inappropriate comment and the decision to cancel the program was not difficult , " MSNBC spokesman Jeremy Gaines said .
Negotiators talked with the boy for more than an hour , and SWAT officers surrounded the classroom , Bragdon said .
With integrated amplifiers for driving microphone and speakers , BlueCore3-Multimedia is available in LFBGA package .
The findings will be reported Friday in the journal Physical Review Letters .
The Institute for Supply Management said its index of non-manufacturing activity rose to 50.7 from 47.9 in March .
" Further testing is still under way , but at this stage , given the early detection , the outlook in such instances would be positive , " the specialist said yesterday .
Commercial releases of the 2.6 kernel by major Linux distributors still remain months away .
" I 'm still not red-hot favourite , " Hewitt said after battling to down Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 ( 7-5 ) on centre court .
A BMI between 18.5 and 24.9 is considered normal , over 25 is considered overweight and 30 or greater is defined as obese .
For those who got surgery alone , median survival was 41 months .
The dollar gained against the euro , yen and Swiss franc after September U.S. retail sales figures came in slightly weaker than consensus forecasts .
Analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call had expected earnings of 19 cents per share in the third quarter .
Senator Brandis backed Dr Hollingworth 's claims he had been denied natural justice by the Anglican Church inquiry into the claims against him .
The Legislature on Wednesday approved a bill that caps damages received by medical malpractice plaintiffs in the hopes it will lower insurance rates and help the state retain doctors .
Prosecutors said they did not know what crimes to charge the men with because U.S. officials refused to share information with them .
The Americas market will decline 2.1 percent to $ 30.6 billion in 2003 , and then grow 15.7 percent to $ 35.4 billion in 2004 .
It was announced that Green will replace Park in the Dale Earnhardt Inc . No. 1 Chevrolet , beginning with the Winston Open at Lowe 's Motor Speedway next week .
The International Committee of the Red Cross , fearful for the safety of its staff operating in Iraq , announced it was temporarily shutting its offices in Baghdad and Basra .
The group 's leadership in Gaza insisted on Tuesday that it was still committed to the ceasefire .
Shares in Berkeley-based Xoma lost 77 cents , or 14 percent , to close at $ 4.72 each in trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market .
WorldCom 's problems came to light last year , and the company filed for the largest bankruptcy in US history in July 2002 , citing massive accounting irregularities .
One in seven 15-year-olds and nearly one in 10 six-year-olds are obese .
The meeting would now be held before August 8 .
Ms Cohen Alon 's lawyer , Donald Levine , confirmed she tried to sell the story in February .
Many of the changes are improvements to the original plan , Libeskind said .
The former employees filed wrongful-termination suits , dismissed in July 2002 , that included details about the documents , the Journal story said .
U.S. District Judge William M. Hoeveler 's removal by his superior was a victory for U.S. Sugar Corp. , which led the fight against Hoeveler .
She leaves her birdie putt some three feet short but drops her par putt .
PG & E 's shares gained 24 cents to $ 15.44 during Tuesday 's trading on the New York Stock Exchange .
There is a little hope invested in McNabb , and he got a lot of credit for the performance of this team that he didn 't deserve . "
Carter , who received the Nobel Peace Prize last year , met in Tokyo yesterday with Japan 's prime minister , Junichiro Koizumi .
Today , the experts will perform the United States ' first simultaneous release of five whales from a single stranding incident .
But five pools contained no traces of disinfectant leaving bathers open to cross-infection .
Analysts were expecting a profit of 30 cents a share for the third quarter and $ 1.31 a share for the full year .
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI tacked on 97 points , or 1.14 percent , to 8,699 .
The only difference is a tuner , a small piece of electronics . "
Shares of Hartford were up $ 2.28 , or 5.2 percent , to $ 45.90 in midday trading .
The other victim recovered Tuesday morning was Al Larsen , 31 , of Fort Worth , Texas .
At Wednesday 's summit , Abbas pledged to end the " armed intefadeh , " renounced " terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be " and alluded to the disarming of militants .
The season 's name comes from the Latin word adventus , which means " coming . "
The suite includes a word processor , spreadsheet , presentation application ( analogous to PowerPoint ) , and other components -- all built around the XML file format .
Hermon-Taylor said an unexpected finding of the research showed that patients suffering from irritable bowel syndrome ( IBS ) may also be infected with MAP .
It is also the first time in history that five films grossed more than $ 20 million each in one weekend .
Pataki said if power was restored , state workers would be back on the job Friday morning .
The U.N. atomic watchdog rapped Iran Thursday for failing to comply with nuclear safeguards , issuing a statement Washington said underlined international opposition to Tehran developing any banned weapons .
But labor leaders say it is often hard for these people to join a union because many employers aggressively fight organizing efforts .
ConAgra shares closed Monday at $ 21.63 a share , down 11 cents , on the New York Stock Exchange .
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 194.14 points , or 2.09 percent , to 9,469.20 after sinking more than 1 percent a day earlier .
The blaze , started by lightning June 6 , is considered 95 percent contained .
In papers filed Tuesday in Manhattan 's state Supreme Court , Lee asked for an injunction against Viacom 's use of the name Spike for TNN .
Grass is the second of the Rite Aid defendants to strike a deal with federal prosecutors this month .
In neighboring Turkey , Iraqi , U.S. and Turkish officials gathered at the Mediterranean port of Ceyhan for a ceremony launching the shipment .
The department 's stance disappointed some abortion opponents , and it threatens to alienate social conservatives who have provided strong political support for Ashcroft and President Bush .
The 14-year-old national spelling finalist who attends school in Belmont , N.C. , got a word that sounded like " zistee " during competition Wednesday .
In Palestine , a rural neighborhood 225 miles west of Washington , residents had effusive praise for Lynch .
A warrant for Taylor 's arrest has been served on the Ghanaian authorities and sent to Interpol .
The Securities and Exchange Commission announced that Robert Korkuc was expected to plead guilty Thursday in federal court on Long Island to securities fraud charges .
Iraqi police opened fire in downtown Baghdad Wednesday after demonstrators demanding jobs stormed a police station and threw stones at officers , police said .
" The nation lost a great citizen , " U.S. President George W. Bush said Monday .
The plan , called The NIH Roadmap , was developed over 14 months with help from more than 300 consultants in industry and academia .
Cargo carriers World Airways Inc. and North American Airlines Inc. have also applied for permission to fly to Baghdad , Mosley said .
Bremer said he would launch a $ 70-million program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods across Iraq and build community projects , but gave no details .
Puretunes has also lost a distribution deal with the popular Grokster file-swapping software company .
" For me , the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents , " Mrs Clinton writes .
Writing for the minority , Justice John Paul Stevens said the interrogation was akin to " an attempt to obtain an involuntary confession from a prisoner by torturous methods . "
It said FirstEnergy determined that a contractor had established an unprotected computer connection to its corporate network that allowed the so-called ``Slammer ' ' worm to spread internally .
Tampering with medicine apparently was so lucrative , investigators said , that many of the suspects lived in million-dollar homes .
Annan said terrorism would only be defeated " if we act to solve the longstanding conflicts which generate support for it . "
Graham acknowledged that surgery was not exactly the way to begin a campaign , but he said he feels strong and has the go-ahead from his doctors .
Health Minister Peter Coleman said about 300 people had been killed and 1,000 injured as the rebels fought into the capital .
It is the first named storm to develop in the Caribbean in December .
Matthew Lovett , 18 , of Oaklyn , N.J. , was among those arrested .
" I think you 'll see a lot of job growth in the next two years , " said Mankiw .
" We are confident that this issue will be behind us by midyear , " said Nestlé spokesman Francois Perroud .
It 's just a matter of time , said Frank McDonald , of the University of Maryland .
Instead of being reprimanded by court security officers , a senior policeman smiled and shook Mr Lacsynski 's hand and patted him on the shoulder .
The charges carry up to 25 years in prison and $ 1.25 million in fines .
Doctors said that one or both of the boys may die and that if they survive , some brain damage is possible .
Chest tightness after exercise and overall prevalence of asthma were also linked to the total amount of time spent at indoor pools .
The Senate majority leader , Bill Frist , R-Tenn . , said he hoped Congress would finish work on the legislation by late September .
Republican officials said the advertisements were proof that Democrats were panicking about losing their stature on Medicare .
It would also further reduce capital expenditure by retiring some aircraft and delaying the delivery of new places .
" This attack was wrong , and it was dangerous to our goals , " Raymond said .
Microsoft officials presented " several options " it is considering , the W3C posting said .
Pauley also announced Thursday that she has struck a deal with Random House to pen two books .
" The U.S. will find the killers and they will learn the meaning of American justice , " Bush told the crowd , which burst into applause .
He went on : " One part of that should have been sourced to a reference work .
Water management officials in Florida were worried about the storm 's possible effect on some of their already-swollen rivers and lakes .
It said they all had criminal records for stealing cattle and Lamas was twice imprisoned for armed robbery .
The OpForce product currently works with Solaris , AIX , Red Hat Linux and Windows servers .
" I reliably receive reminders when my dog needs a vaccination and when my car is due for maintenance , " he said .
It was called mandatory , but Dupont said authorities did not force people to leave .
Yale spokesman Tom Conroy said the university planned to keep the campus running with managers and temporary workers performing union workers ' jobs .
The budget office said one provision of the Senate bill accounted for $ 40 billion of the cost .
He said the way the situation was being handled was undermining efforts to win international cooperation in the war on terror .
Excluding the $ 56 million charge and the accounting change , Ford 's third-quarter earnings amounted to 15 cents a share .
Martin served two thirds of a five-year sentence for the manslaughter of Barras and for wounding Fearon .
In morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Coca-Cola shares were down 34 cents at $ 43.67 .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX was off 1.67 points , or 0.17 percent , at 995.81 .
A spokeswoman for Interscope Geffen A & M Records declined to elaborate .
The shooting victim was taken to Kings County Hospital Center , where he later died , the police said .
Investigators were searching his home in Muenster in the presence of his wife when news of his death came , prosecutor Wolfgang Schweer said .
Besides a federal judge , the criticism has mounted from environmentalists , the Miccosukee Tribe , some scientists and some congressional leaders .
The Z200 features a color screen and 40-tone polyphonic sounds .
Another soldier drowned after diving into an aqueduct in northern Iraq , the Central Command said .
The dollar was helped on Friday by talk of yen-selling intervention by Japanese authorities on Thursday and Friday .
The bank booked 820 billion yen in loan-loss charges compared with 1.9 trillion yen a year ago .
While he is now spared that threat , his co-defendants in the same case are not protected .
McArthur told internetnews.com price declines have moderated and remained below 30 percent from the previous year for the last two quarters .
In a regulatory filing , EDS said the SEC had asked for information related to its troubled IT outsourcing contract with the US Navy .
He added that genes on the Y might play a role in influencing gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility .
In the present case , too , Mr. Day said he hoped there would be an out-of-court settlement , which he estimated could approach $ 30 million .
The Skagit was expected to crest during the night at 38 feet at Mount Vernon , 10 feet above flood stage , the National Weather Service said .
Also demonstrating box-office strength -- and getting seven Tony nominations -- was a potent revival of Eugene ONeills family drama , Long Days Journey Into Night . "
U.S. Attorney Patrick Fitzgerald declined to name the wholesalers , whom he called " victims in this . "
China is scrambling to stop the disease from spreading to the countryside , where most of its 1.3 billion people live .
Their appointments increase Berkshire 's board to nine from seven members .
He resides in Doha , Qatar , from which Russian authorities have been trying to extradite him for nearly two years .
The Standard Edition One is a single processor version of the Oracle Standard Edition Database .
Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome has infected 8459 people , 805 of whom died .
" We respectfully disagreed with Massachusetts ' request for fees on the basis that they did not prevail on the vast majority of their original claims . "
The euro ros further into record territory on Tuesday as demand for higher-yielding euro-based assets overshadowed U.S. economic data showing rising consumer confidence and a strong housing market .
Most of that – $ US51 billion – was for American troops in Iraq , while another $ US10 billion was for US forces in Afghanistan .
The anguish will begin to end and the healing will commence , ' ' delegation leader Bob Weatherall told Reuters by telephone .
No country now opposes plans for a long-term European Council president , replacing the current rotating presidency , as well as an EU foreign minister .
Harris and Klebold killed 12 students , a teacher and themselves at the school .
Strong Financial released a statement Wednesday night : " We are in the process of a thorough internal review .
" We preserve essential tools to foster voice competition , " Copps said .
Earlier in the evening , the mother , whom authorities did not identify , had brought her daughter to the bank after a doctor 's appointment .
Police said her two small children were alone there for up to two days as she lay dead .
A radio station has suspended two disc jockeys for locking themselves in the studio and continuously playing Dixie Chicks songs , violating the station 's two-month-old ban on the group 's music .
It has a chequered safety record , including 47 accidents that resulted in 668 deaths .
In one Johannesburg store , 900 copies have been ordered .
The Nasdaq Composite index , full of technology stocks , was lately up around 18 points .
Deposit and loan growth , strong investment banking and trading results and strong growth in mortgage and card revenues drove this quarter 's results .
A coalition of campaign groups , including the militant national students body , is backing the action and is mobilising for protests .
She said another man , 19-year-old Antowain Johnson , " tried to go back in ... but the smoke wouldn 't let him . "
Not only giving his blessing but he asked that we hit the target well . "
As many as 1,200 students at Wheaton College will gather in the gym Friday night for the first real dance in the Christian school 's 143-year history .
The unemployment rate in San Joaquin County dipped last month to 8.5 percent , down nearly a full percentage point from August .
The document warns of potential panic attacks , psychosis and convulsions in some cases .
The secrecy surrounding terrorist group Jemaah Islamiyah was again smashed when witnesses from Malaysia testified in the treason trial of Abu Bakar Bashir .
In the first quarter of this year , weekly earnings adjusted for inflation fell 1.5 percent - the biggest drop in more than a decade .
The caretaker , identified by church officials as Jorge Monzon , was believed to be among the missing , who are presumed dead .
But authorities have been unable to stop the tragedies , which they blame on overcrowding , rickety vessels and lax safety standards .
In a statement , an SCO spokeman said , " We view IBM 's counterclaim filing today as an effort to distract attention from its flawed Linux business model .
After the French threatened to open fire , the battlewagon turned back .
The National Association of Purchasing Management-Chicago 's monthly index rose to 58.9 from 55.9 in July , the highest in 15 months .
Last year , Bush appointed him to the Homeland Security Advisory Council .
Tony winners will be announced June 8 in televised ceremonies from Radio City Music Hall .
One old woman , disconsolate with grief , smeared her face with dirt , only able to utter : " My child , my child . "
Rescue workers arriving at February 's deadly nightclub fire met a horrific scene , as people trapped in the club 's doorway screamed for help , rescue tapes released Thursday show .
Miodrag Zivkovic , the leader of the pro-independence opposition Liberal Alliance , came in second with 31 percent of the vote .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was down 1.55 points , or 0.09 percent , at 1,744.91 .
Since Dec. 2 the U.S. military has been engaged in a large-scale sweep , dubbed Operation Avalanche , targeting the south and east of the country .
If draining the ponds in Maryland will further help establish Steve 's innocence , we welcome it . "
The new group ambitiously expects to issue guidelines by the end of the year and release products by late 2004 .
Sorkin was to have been tried separately on charges of conspiracy and lying to a grand jury .
" The Republicans went into a closet , met with themselves , and announced a compromise , " Hollings said in a statement .
You can reach George Hunter at ( 313 ) 222-2027 or ghunter @ detnews.com.
The most recent addition to the list , which to date includes 125 names , is Zelimkhan Yandarbiev , the former president of Chechnya .
On Tuesday , figures also showed Italian business confidence slipped again in May to its lowest level in 16 months , doing nothing to discourage rate cut expectations .
" This new division will be focused on the vitally important task of protecting the nation 's cyberassets so that we may best protect the nation 's critical infrastructure assets , " he added .
European Central Bank President Wim Duisenberg said in a televised interview that it was too soon to discuss further interest rate cuts in the euro zone .
The Food and Drug Administration ultimately denied ImClone 's drug application in December 2001 , saying that an Erbitux clinical trial was deficient .
His sport utility vehicle was found June 25 , abandoned without its license plates in Virginia Beach , Va .
But , in a 58-page report , WHO said the Danish ban had been effective in reducing the spread among food animals .
UAL bankruptcy attorney James Sprayregen said at a court hearing the company will submit an updated business plan to the Air Transportation Stabilization Board , but gave no timeframe .
The yield fell 2 basis points to 1.41 percent , after reaching 1.4 percent on May 8 , the lowest since March 12 .
The FBI is trying to determine when White House officials and members of the vice president ’ s staff first focused on Wilson and learned about his wife ’ s employment at the agency .
He said some issues - including division alignments - will be resolved if the conference expands .
Inamed shares dropped as much as about 16 percent on Nasdaq , where it was one of the top percentage losers .
The DVD CCA appealed that decision to the U.S. Supreme Court .
Doctors hope rock singer Ozzy Osbourne , who is recovering from a quad bike crash , will begin breathing unassisted again soon , they said today .
When Brooks was killed in an automobile accident Monday in Minnesota , Taylor lost a good friend .
Contractors Brian Rose , 36 , and Joseph Quattrone , 35 , who were convicted of submitting hundreds of phony invoices to Blue Cross , are to be sentenced in January .
The Nasdaq Composite index , full of technology stocks , was lately up around 18 points .
On Friday , 83 strike supporters were arrested for blocking traffic .
That night Jackson and his cousin , Herbert Tyrone Cleveland , went with Mallard to her house .
His dissent was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justice Clarence Thomas .
His injured co-worker , a woman , was hospitalized as well but listed in good condition , Reichert said .
" The choice was up to the dictator and he chose poorly , " Mr Bush said .
In early U.S. trading , the euro < EUR = > was down 0.6 percent to $ 1.1741 , after rising to a four-month high of $ 1.1860 .
Gainers included Dow components AT & T , which rose 77 cents to $ 21.27 , and Johnson & Johnson , which increased 95 cents to $ 53.95 .
Parker said Moore 's lawyers were reviewing the complaint and would respond Monday .
Supporters say those people will gamble and have enough money left over to spend in restaurants and stores .
IBM is pursuing membership and plans to be an active participant in the CELF , according to various members of CELF .
Newisys , an Austin , Texas , startup headed by former IBM and Dell execs , will become a wholly-owned subsidiary .
A photo of Linda Franklin 's bloodied body was shown on a large screen in the courtroom yesterday .
A public comment period on the proposed new taxes will end on Monday .
Though that slower spending made 2003 look better , many of the expenditures will actually occur in 2004 , making that year 's shortfall worse .
One man had brandished an English-Turkish dictionary and pointed to the word " refugee " .
But stocks have roared higher in the past 3-1 / 2 months amid hopes for an economic rebound .
The eventual conference between House and Senate tax writers promises to be intense and possibly rocky , even though all the principals will be Republicans .
Network security products maker Secure Computing said Tuesday it is acquiring content filtering firm N2H2 for $ 20 million , furthering consolidation in an already competitive market .
Sir John has also told his officers that information from British intelligence indicates there are more al-Qa 'eda agents in Britain than previously thought .
After the other inmate fell , Selenski used the mattress to scale a 10-foot , razor-wire fence , Fischi said .
He said a man in the seventh row in a " brown suit raced past me with his hands raised in the air " armed with sharp stakes .
The lawyer for Hollins Jr . , Thomas Royce , has said his client had no link to the company that owned and operated E2 .
Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi , chairing the summit , said he was prepared to call an extra informal meeting of leaders next month on the constitution if necessary .
Joe Nichols , who is touring with Jackson , captured new male vocalist honors , riding back-to-back hits The Impossible and Brokenheartedsville .
Istomin later married Casals ' widow , Marta , after Casals ' death in 1973 .
A $ 5 billion dollar-denominated portion from GM drew about $ 21 billion of bids , an analyst looking at the deal said .
The attacks are often fuelled by a mix of tribal hatreds and a desire to spread terror in the region .
Mr. Daschle said the Senate had confirmed 124 judicial nominees since Mr. Bush took office .
Still , the scientists said , a third of those taking it would benefit , gaining an average of 11 years free of cardiovascular disease .
The FTC decision is viewed as the final leg in a longstanding legal saga that has dragged on for years .
Kroger 's Ralphs chain and Albertsons immediately locked out their grocery workers in a show of solidarity .
Perkins and Kansas Chancellor Robert Hemenway declined comment Sunday night .
Dos Reis had earlier pleaded guilty to federal charges that he crossed state lines to have sex with Christina and one other girl in a separate incident .
Congregants of Turner Monumental AME Church said Shelia Chaney Wilson , 43 , was agitated when she came to the church , in the Kirkwood neighborhood on the city 's east side .
Matrix Reloaded opened in limited previews Wednesday night , and its total for all five days was estimated at $ 135.8 million .
Pete Slover reported from Laredo and Gromer Jeffers from Albuquerque .
" We acted because we saw the evidence in a dramatic new light , through the prism of our experience on 9 / 11 . "
Another 29 cases were listed as suspected , and officials warned that 107 other people showing possible SARS symptoms were being monitored .
Before the meeting , Putin said Russia regards Saudi Arabia as a key Muslim state .
Georgia 's median household income dropped about 0.9 percent to $ 43,096 -- a $ 408 dip .
" Over 10 years , I 'd say I 've come out pretty close to even , " he said .
The 30-year bond US30YT = RR dipped 14 / 32 for a yield of 4.26 percent from 4.23 percent .
Momentous happenings at the World Climate Conference in Moscow last week .
" My view is that these Al Qaeda terrorists -- and I believe it was Al Qaeda -- would prefer to have many such events . "
Gansas got more bad news yesterday from the city Department of Transportation - a hearing officer recommended that he be fired .
When the prime minister 's position was established in the spring , it offered the United States and Israel a way to work around Arafat .
The church already was grieving for the death of a congregation member who was killed in another helicopter crash in Iraq on Nov. 7 .
The court Monday reversed the decision of that court , the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals .
I called the number and the lady told me she was talking on the phone to Toby Studabaker . "
The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 4.46 % from 4.42 % late Thursday .
More than 10,000 people , most of them civilians , have been killed in three decades of insurgency .
The Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam suspended peace talks April 21 citing a lack of progress .
The two leaders said inter-Korean exchanges would be " conducted in light of developments on the North Korean nuclear issue " .
The suit was filed in the Supreme Court of New York County .
Typhoon Maemi was on Saturday night moving over the Sea of Japan , where it had weakened considerably , the meteorology department said .
Bush said he plans to meet with scientists and legal experts and will not decide the bill 's fate for a few more weeks .
Mr Blair became Labour leader in 1994 after the then leader , John Smith , died of a heart attack .
P & G officials decided it would be wiser to split the contracts to avoid reliance on a sole contractor .
And although he has acted in period dramas before - in screen versions of Jane Austen 's " Persuasion " and Charlotte Bronte 's " Jane Eyre " - Henchard is a breed apart .
Lee , 33 , said the girl had dragged the food , toys and other things into her mother 's bedroom .
She told the inquiry that her husband had received assurances from his line manager and senior ministry officials that when he came forward his name would not be made public .
They are located in Grande Cache , Alta . , Carrot River , Sask . , Chapleau , Ont . , and Aberdeen , Wash .
He played four seasons in Miami , including the Dolphins ' 27-17 loss to Washington in the Super Bowl .
The U.S. troops encountered fire from rocket propelled grenades , mortars and small arms originating from bunkers as well as within and atop surrounding buildings .
Physicians who perform the procedure would face up to two years in prison , under the bill .
A prime-time special on the list , " AFI 's 100 Years . . . 100 Heroes & Villains " aired Tuesday on CBS .
The exchange also said its five-person compensation committee will consist only of directors from outside the securities industry .
A White House spokesman added that Iran had " one last chance " to comply with its disarmament obligations .
Operating expenses fell 28 percent to $ 47.1 million in the first quarter from $ 65.8 million a year earlier .
Today , the experts will perform the United States ' first simultaneous release of five whales from a single stranding incident .
Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi has all but popped the champagne bottle .
" Nobody really knows what happened there except for me and the guard , and I can assure you that what he said happened didn 't happen , " Kaye said .
With Claritin 's decline , Schering-Plough 's best-selling products are now antiviral drug ribavirin and an interferon medicine called Peg-Intron -- two drugs used together to treat hepatitis C.
In morning trading , the Dow Jones industrial average was up 121.51 , or 1.4 percent , at 8,832.69 .
The Rev. Christopher Coyne , spokesman for the archdiocese , did not immediately return several calls seeking comment .
Al-Amoudi was arrested at Dulles International Airport after arriving on a British Airways flight from London .
Panther Server also includes an updated release of Apache , along with Apache Tomcat and Apache Axis for creating powerful web services .
U.S. stocks fell in early morning trade on Wednesday as a wave of profit warnings drained some of the optimism that has driven a rally over the past three months .
" I didn 't see either one today , but if they 're here and wave from the side , I 'll certainly wave to them , " Bloomberg said .
Manfred Bischoff , EADS co-chairman and a member of DaimlerChrysler 's management board , said EPI and P & W had presented " excellent proposals .
Greg Robinson , a doctor who has AIDS , resigned from Health Canada 's advisory committee because of what he described as inconsistencies in the access program .
The agency said it had no plans to release the name of the teenager involved because he was a minor .
" Today we are trying to pull the pig away from the trough , " Mr. Harrigan said .
James Brolin and Judy Davis play Ronald and Nancy Reagan in the CBS film .
Mr. Muhammad , 42 , and 18-year-old Lee Boyd Malvo , who goes on trial separately Nov. 10 , were arrested Oct. 24 , 2002 , at a Maryland highway rest stop .
Nissan North America Inc. said Wednesday it was moving production of the Pathfinder sport utility vehicle to Tennessee , adding 800 jobs .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index edged up 1.01 points , or 0.1 percent , at 1,012.67 .
If the judge decides that is so at the end of what is expected to be a five-day hearing , Peterson will be held for trial on the charges .
Sergeant Randy Force , a police spokesman , said O 'Brien wasn 't being charged with causing the crash because the victim had been jaywalking .
GeCAD , founded in 1992 and based in Bucharest , provides anti-virus , anti-spam and content-filtering products under the name RAV AntiVirus .
Canadian investigators slaughtered more than 2,000 cows but were not able to find evidence of any other infected animals .
He said they should " not really be patrolling or be around those areas when they are in their time of when they 're conducting their prayers . "
He blamed the blast on guerillas from the Taliban regime overthrown in late 2001 and said it was possible the bomber was killed in the blast .
In Canada 's capital of Ottawa , police reported two deaths possibly linked to the power outage — a pedestrian hit by a car and a fire victim .
Kentucky : Republican Ernie Fletcher , a three-term House member , is battling Democratic state Attorney General Ben Chandler .
The city had requested federal funds , but withdrew that request when American Express pledged at least $ 3 million .
Operating revenues were down about 1 percent to $ 4.55 billion , from $ 4.59 billion .
" It is unfortunate that Senator Clinton would seek to politicize such a qualified nominee as Governor Leavitt .
French President Jacques Chirac was also reported to have supported the European bid .
The seal will ultimately be used on department materials , signage , credentials , badges , vehicles , sea vessels and aircraft .
Both are in the cocoa-growing west of the world 's top producer in a region where fighting is complicated by the presence of Liberians on both sides .
The ECB has cut rates from 4.75 percent in October 2000 to 2.5 percent in that period .
PeopleSoft gained $ 1.09 , or 6.3 percent , to $ 18.24 and was Nasdaq 's most active issue .
" At first blush , it doesn 't look like any rules were broken , " said Gen. Richard Myers , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff .
That was up from the year-ago quarter , when the company earned $ 54.3 million , or 22 cents a share .
Sun filed the suit after the government 's successful antitrust suit against Microsoft .
Henri was centered about 75 miles southwest of Cedar Key and was moving east-northeast at 5 mph , forecasters said .
Muhammad , 42 , is charged in the Oct. 9 slaying of Dean H. Meyers , 53 , at a gas station in Manassas .
Progress Software Corp. is acquiring DataDirect Technologies Ltd . , a privately held supplier of data-access software , for approximately $ 88 million , the companies said Friday .
Complicating the situation , he continued , are companies , like IBM , whose support of Linux " has added credibility and an illusion of support and accountability . "
Germany said most of the passengers were from the northern states of Lower Saxony and Schleswig-Holstein .
At home , the premier has faced accusations that he overplayed intelligence about weapons of mass destruction to make the case for war .
Selenski 's partner in the Friday jailbreak , Scott Bolton , was injured in the escape and hospitalized .
Stewart waved to courtroom sketch artists seated in the jury box and took notes in a spiral-bound notebook during the hearing .
Sen. Ron Wyden , D-Ore . , said the " idea of a federal betting parlor on atrocities and terrorism is ridiculous and grotesque , " WBAL reported .
Prosecutors filed a motion informing Lee they intend to seek the death penalty .
A seventh person , a 21-year-old woman , was in critical condition in the burn unit at Akron Children 's Hospital .
She was surrounded by about 50 women who have had abortions but now regret doing so .
" Spring has arrived in Estonia - we 're back in Europe , " Juhan Parts , prime minister , told a news conference last night .
Daniels said he doesn 't know what Bush will say at tonight 's $ 2,000-per-person reception to raise funds for his presidential re-election bid .
Mississippi is among the bottom five states on nine other measures .
Finnish Finance Minister Antti Kalliomaki said : " There is no room for a softening . "
They included Global Crossing , Akamai Technologies , Ask Jeeves , Copper Mountain Networks , Etoys and VA Linux .
Now , Blanca 's husband , 63-year-old Roger Lawrence Strunk of Tracy , faces a murder indictment issued by the Philippine government in February .
At least 26 American troops have been killed in hostile fire since major combat was officially declared over on May 1 .
Only two of the bidders have so far expressed interest in buying all the assets -- Davis and Bronfman .
The NIST discovered that in 1999 the Port Authority issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1 1 / 2 inches .
The Competition Commission delivered its verdict yesterday on the proposed merger of the two big ITV players , Carlton and Granada .
" I believe it is my duty to not only represent Australia but the people of the world as one to take a stance against terrorism . "
Analysts surveyed by First Call were expecting sales of $ 723 million and a loss of 28 cents a share .
Viacom 's lawyers say Spike is a common name that doesn 't necessarily prompt thoughts of the 46-year-old film director .
But the officials later revised the numbers and said about 250 had been arrested at some 60 stores .
" Right now , there is nothing we can do , " Stegman said .
From 1993 to 2002 , there were 142 reported sexual assaults at the academy .
The DHWG says it will instead create a format that can be used by all devices but can accommodate other formats .
" Their groundbreaking contributions commercialise technologies , create jobs , improve productivity and stimulate the nation 's growth and development , " it said .
President George Bush and top administration officials cited the threat from Iraq 's banned weapons programs as the main justification for war .
" We will clearly modify some features of our plans as well as their administration , " Reed said in his letter .
On Dec. 19 , he gave Moore 15 days to remove it , but a week later stayed his order pending Moore 's appeal to the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals .
It now has 600 fewer stores -- about 1,500 in all -- and a $ 2 billion loan .
The MTA argued it needed to raise fares to close a two-year deficit it estimated , at different times , to be $ 952 million or $ 2.8 billion .
Speaking to reporters at a New York news conference , Universal McCann 's Coen projected that total U.S. ad spending will rise 4.6 percent to $ 247.7 billion this year .
For the full year period ending June 30 , 2003 , high-speed lines increased by 45 percent .
They were just making sure they dotted all the I 's and crossed all the T 's , " said Blair Schoof , executive director of music for AOL Europe .
The products are priced at $ 575 and $ 295 in quantities of 10,000 .
Representatives of its tribal and ethnic groups named a cross-section of residents yesterday to run municipal affairs alongside the U.S. military until elections can be held .
Ask Jeeves Wednesday announced it plans to sell its enterprise software division , Jeeves Solutions , to Kanisa .
In a brief ruling , US District Judge Joseph A. DiClerico Jr. denied their motion for an injunction .
Both shooting victims were rushed to Brookdale University Hospital Medical Center , where they died a short time later .
The broad Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX shed 0.17 of a point , or just 0.02 percent , to 934 .
" The SIA forecast reflects the new realities of the semiconductor industry of an 8-10 per cent ' ' growth rate " , said George Scalise , the association 's president .
The people who are sending these messages are infringing on my rights and everyone else 's rights to use your computer , " McKechnie said .
I would like to publicly thank Sir Alex Ferguson for making me the player I am today , Beckham said in the statement .
The depositions were made public yesterday at the request of the P-I , The Seattle Times and The Associated Press .
TVT Records sought $ 360 million in punitive damages and $ 30 million in compensatory damages , officials said .
Staff Writer Diane Lade and The Associated Press contributed to this report .
Former Illinois Sen. Carol Moseley Braun ended June with $ 22,126 in the bank , according to her FEC report .
Police Deputy Chief Clark Kimerer said the exercise went well , with some aspects , including the communication system between varying agencies , working better than expected .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index < .IXIC > declined 25.78 points , or 1.56 percent , to 1,627.84 .
Maria Parrado believes her nephew , who served a 12-year prison sentence in Cuba after being arrested in Cuban waters , will be persecuted if he is sent back there .
Further out the curve , the benchmark 10-year note US10YT = RR shed 25 / 32 in price , taking its yield to 3.26 percent from 3.17 percent .
Police have arrested 21 people in connection with the murder of a young Nigerian child whose headless and limbless torso was found floating in the river Thames .
" He 's wild , he wants to kill him , but then I suppose I 'd be that angry too if somebody tried to kill my old man . "
Mr. Spitzer said in a statement that the sentence " reflects the seriousness with which our office and the courts view these crimes . "
" All six of them are dead , we were told by Harold and his group , " Warner said .
The television report that cost Forlong his career at Sky News and his wife a husband was aired on March 29 .
Bloom and his colleagues had previously shown that the hormone , PYY3-36 , could curb the appetites of lean people .
The more broadly based Nasdaq Telecommunications Index rose 0.7 percent .
The third and final film , " The Matrix Revolutions , " will be released in November .
Now , for the first time , those without Internet access can sign up by phone by making a single toll-free call to ( 888 ) 382-1222 .
The Yankees wasted no time breaking through against Zambrano ( 4-4 ) in the rematch .
Officials tentatively planned to burn about 2,000 acres of dense forest by dropping incendiary devices from the air , aiming to remove fuel from the wildfire 's path .
Pittsburgh , West Virginia , Rutgers , Connecticut and Virginia Tech filed the lawsuit this month in Hartford , Conn .
Beck and his team have identified roughly 130 genes that somehow cause or predispose humans to certain diseases .
The company also defended its right to " create a video game experience with a certain degree of realism . "
Still , Pinellas rabies cases fell sharply to 17 in 1996 and 3 in 1997 , Agnew said .
The Justice Department filed a civil rights lawsuit Thursday against the state of Mississippi , alleging abuse of juvenile offenders at two state-run facilities .
" He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words ... He gave us each a kiss and that was it , " she said .
Strayhorn has brought in a constitutional scholar to advise her on the reallocation .
In several previous shipwrecks , the search for survivors had to be abandoned for similar reasons , leaving the vessels and most of their passengers unaccounted for .
The dollar pushed as high as $ 1.1115 to the euro in early trade , extending Tuesday 's one percent rally to hit its strongest level since April 30 .
Fasting glucose , used to measure diabetes risk , was 142 on average for those given usual care compared to 129 in the group given special treatment .
Moroccan police have arrested 33 suspects , including some linked to the radical Djihad Salafist group , a government official said .
" The future of BA is in the hands of the negotiators , " Eddington told British Broadcasting Corp. television on Sunday .
Civilian reservists also could be sent overseas for jobs such as reconstruction in Afghanistan and Iraq , working in positions from translator to truck driver .
Two British women lost a desperate court battle on Wednesday to have babies using frozen embryos their former partners want destroyed .
He has agreed to a lifetime ban from association with an investment adviser or mutual fund .
Microsoft released Windows Rights Management Client 1.0 , the first software client , for free download earlier this week .
But the company said over the weekend that its competitors were simply trying to throw up roadblocks to MCIs emergence from bankruptcy .
" Michael Jackson is unequivocally and absolutely innocent of these charges , " Geragos said .
On Wednesday , at 7.51pm , Mars will be the closest to Earth it has been for 59,619 years .
" I am very happy to be here in the United States far away from the clutches of the tyrant Castro , " Wilson told the judge .
Colorado Attorney General Ken Salazar also filed a lawsuit Tuesday against Invesco , accusing it of violating the state 's Consumer Protection Act .
Many women complain that they become more forgetful after menopause , and some doctors have come to believe the hormonal changes brought on by menopause are the reason .
Reed arrived a day after H. Carl McCall , co-chairman of the exchange 's special committee on governance , resigned saying Reed should have a " clean slate " to make changes .
" We have declared war on sexual assault and sexual harassment , " Rosa said .
Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial ( JP : 8306 : news , chart , profile ) lost 2.6 percent to 444,000 yen .
The University of Michigan released today a new admissions policy after the U.S. Supreme Court struck down in June the way it previously admitted undergraduates .
In the second installment of a three-legged , record $ 58 billion refunding , the U.S. Treasury is slated to sell $ 18 billion in five-year notes on Wednesday .
Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman John Warner , R-Va . , said he plans hearings .
Microsoft 's stock was up 50 cents , to $ 28.34 a share in New York yesterday .
At 5 p.m. EDT , Grace 's center was near latitude 25.6 north , longitude 93.7 west or about 280 miles east-southeast of Corpus Christi .
Retailers J.C. Penney Co . Inc . JCP.N and Walgreen Co . WAG.N kick things off on Monday .
Teams of inspectors walked into a restricted area at one park without being stopped by employees ; others took pictures of security-sensitive areas without anyone challenging them .
Waksal , who pleaded guilty to securities fraud charges , recently began serving a prison sentence of more than seven years .
" The NASA organizational culture had as much to do with this accident as the foam , " the report said .
Georgia has received all but $ 70,000 of its money back with the help of the FBI .
The Fourth of July parade begins at 11 a.m. in downtown Everett , at Colby and Hewitt avenues .
" I am therefore unaware of any genuine entries concerning rapes by British servicemen in police records , " the spokesman said .
Hitchcock has declined to comment on the case , as has Levin .
On Monday , Christian Ganczarski was apprehended at the airport and was to appear before an anti-terrorism judge in the coming days , the officials said on condition of anonymity .
" It was a total mockery of justice , a parody , " said Thierry Falise , a Belgian photographer , as he arrived here .
He and a colleague created the articular condyle using stem cells taken from the bone marrow of rats .
Shares of Guidant were down 5.3 percent at $ 40.92 in afternoon trading on the New York Stock Exchange .
El Watan , an Algerian newspaper , reported that the kidnappers put up fierce resistance during the army assault , firing Kalashnikov rifles .
He had served nine years in prison , including two on death row , when he was released by a judge and pardoned by the governor .
Like many doctors , Mr. Thomas and Mr. Tauzin say the Bush administration has the power to correct some of those flaws .
Thousands of pounds of fireworks inside the Lamb Entertainment 's warehouse and packed in the tractor-trailer rig exploded , the ATF said .
" Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats - international terrorists , " Graham said , " this Bush administration chose to settle old scores . "
The verdict means Nelson faces up to 10 years in prison rather than a possible life sentence .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index added 28.73 points , or 1.77 percent , at 1,655.22 .
U.S. corporate bond yield spreads ended mostly tighter amid slumping Treasuries on Tuesday , while bonds of tobacco firms widened significantly after an adverse legal ruling on Philip Morris USA .
Freeman said not having a driver license has been a burden .
Russian forces stormed the building to free the hostages but 129 people died in the operation .
" This case is about a woman who for over 20 years dedicated herself to this country , " Levine said .
Their biological daughter Renee Jackson , 29 , said she made huge pots of beans and rice , and meat and casseroles .
In fact , said John Logsdon , a board member and George Washington University expert on space policy , " human spaceflight had become a place where dissent was not welcome . "
LendingTree matches borrowers via the Internet with more than 200 mortgage brokers , banks and other lenders .
State wildlife officials have concluded that the Florida-grown fluorescent zebra fish poses no danger , and they have recommended that it be exempted from the state 's ban .
It said today ’ s results showed that programme and other measures were helping to offset a continued deterioration in revenues .
The men were remanded in custody and are due to appear again before court on July 8 .
Above that , Medicare would pay 90 percent of all drug costs .
That poll had 712 likely voters and sampling error of plus or minus 3.7 percentage points .
Rep. Dan Gelber , D-Miami Beach , said the bill won 't freeze rates as its supporters claim .
Brian Stokes Mitchell , who stars in a revival of Man of La Mancha , Malcolm Gets from Amour and John Selya of Movin Out fill out the category .
Comstock said several federal courts have ruled that the detentions are fully within the law .
" He died doing something he loved , which was flying his helicopters , " said the father , who lives in Fairview Heights , just outside St. Louis , Mo .
A second bomb , evidently carried by the other woman , did not explode ; the authorities found explosives and detonated them afterward .
" His plan is an insult to working parents throughout New York City . "
" This is a widening and continuing investigation , which is likely to result in numerous other charges , " Mr. Spitzer said yesterday at a news conference .
He said that by allowing power companies more flexibility , the Clear Skies Initiative would result in greater efficiency and therefore less pollution .
GlaxoSmithKline , the UK drugmaker , has said it would cut off supplies to Canadian stores shipping drugs to the US .
The outbreak seems to have begun with one of the roommates , a transfer from Taipei 's Jen Chi Hospital .
The official , describing the apprehension at Boston 's Logan International Airport , identified the suspect as Ahmed Mehalba .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX declined 10.65 points , or 1.07 percent , to 987.86 .
Ellison said that contrary to the contentions of PeopleSoft management , Oracle intends to " fully support PeopleSoft customers and products " for many years to come .
Despite hefty losses against the euro , the dollar 's slide versus the yen was curbed by wariness that Japanese authorities could intervene to stem the yen 's rise .
His first Father 's Day as a dad , his first major as a champion .
The greenback rose steeply against the euro , yen and Swiss franc despite weaker-than-expected September U.S. retail sales figures .
The memo specifically mentioned Linux , a still small but emerging software competitor that is not owned by any specific company .
The study results were released at a meeting in Seattle of the American Thoracic Society and also will be published in tomorrow 's issue of The New England Journal of Medicine .
He also left out any reference to amending the constitution to guarantee private property rights .
Thanks to Avalon , Longhorn will support new styles of user interfaces and user interface elements .
Memories also live on of a bloody debacle in Somalia a decade ago -- the last major U.S. military involvement in Africa .
Another piece of the suit will be sent to Virginia for more testing , Conte said .
However , a Fort Campbell spokesman , said that Akbar had " an attitude problem . "
Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas dissented .
The Institute for Supply Management 's manufacturing index dipped to 53.7 from 54.7 in August .
The 30-year bond US30YT = RR jumped 20 / 32 , taking its yield to 4.14 percent from 4.18 percent .
Legislation making it harder for consumers to erase their debts in bankruptcy court won speedy , House approval in March and was endorsed by the White House .
Last week the Securities and Exchange Commission said its staff was preparing to draw up rules to combat trading abuses .
There are three suits challenging the recall still pending in federal court .
The deal also boosts SuSE 's sales reach worldwide and enhances HP 's Linux business , they said .
Sanders and colleagues at RAFT exposed skin samples removed from consenting patients during surgery to UVA light at intensities similar to that of sunlight .
" Mr Gilbertson would have been entitled to these ( pension ) payments irrespective of the circumstances in which he left the company , " Mr Argus said .
Mr Hughes had seen Amrozi 's face on television , the infamous images of the grinning mechanic from east Java .
His Palestinian counterpart , Mahmoud Abbas , replied that " every day without an agreement is an opportunity that was lost .
Howard said there was always a risk of casualties .
Cordiant has been a target since it lost a crucial client , Allied Domeq , in April .
A verbal flare-up between Keating and Mahony began when the cardinal initially refused to participate in that survey unless procedures were changed .
As of Wednesday , there were 65 probable SARS cases in the Toronto region .
There are some who feel like the conditions are such that they can attack us there .
The Democratic sample has an error margin of plus or minus 6.1 percent .
She said some fast-food chains already display calorie information about their meals on their Web sites .
United has paid $ 34 million in penalties for failing to meet employment targets .
" This will be a marathon , not a sprint , " said Jimmy D. Staton , senior vice president of operations at Dominion Virginia Power .
The American Anglican Council , which represents Episcopalian conservatives , said it will seek authorization to create a separate group in North America .
She said it would take an estimated three months to conduct and require the cancellation of a sub-audit of the Department of Environmental Quality .
In 1999 a California state senator proposed a law requiring motorists over the age of 75 to take driving tests to renew their licenses .
He later found out the alarming incident had been caused by Concorde 's powerful sonic boom .
He said he did not think that the Shenzhou V launch had military applications , even though the space program is developing antisatellite weapons and robotic space weapons .
The union earlier this week announced tentative agreements with Ford Motor Co . , DaimlerChrysler AG 's Chrysler Group and supplier Visteon Corp.
Microsoft has released a critical update for its newly released office suite , Office 2003 .
Operating revenue fell 4.5 percent to $ 2.3 billion from a year earlier .
Further back , Sen. Bob Graham of Florida reported about $ 1.7 million on hand .
Peck , who was 87 , died peacefully at his Los Angeles home last Thursday with his French-born wife of 48 years , Veronique , at his side .
Budget negotiations between the mayor and the City Council are entering high gear .
Besides Japan he will visit the Philippines , Thailand , Singapore , Indonesia and Australia before returning home on Oct. 24 .
Less than a month after leaving as host of " Dateline NBC , " Pauley agreed Thursday to launch a daytime talk show for NBC Enterprises .
In 2002 , Senator Trapdoor took in $ 18,009 from moonlighting as a songwriter , according to his latest Senate financial disclosure .
Rush is the only witness to the wheelhouse events who has spoken with investigators , Weinshall said .
The findings are published in today 's edition of the journal Nature Medicine .
Mr Goh said that it was ' especially important given the Sars situation in Singapore ' .
Dolores E. Mahoy , 68 , of Colorado Springs is just the type of person who might be helped by the legislation pending in Congress .
Pat Anderson , the lawyer representing the Schindlers , declined to comment on the filing .
But an earnings per share of 22 cents was slightly better than analysts ' estimates of 19 cents a share and more than double what Ford had predicted in April .
But Ms Pike said it was not unusual for hospitals to go into deficit and promised services would not be curtailed .
" Everything is going to move everywhere , " Douglas J. Feith , undersecretary of defence force policy , is quoted as saying .
Just before dawn Tuesday , searchers found the body of Melissa Rogers , 33 , of Liberty , Mo .
Graham , who co-chaired the inquiry , is a presidential candidate .
Last year , Stockwell was forced to repay $ 3,000 in bar tabs that he and his staff rang up while he was labour minister .
" This puts telemarketers on notice that we will take all measures necessary to protect consumers who chose to be left alone in their homes , " FCC chairman Michael Powell said .
PDC will also almost certainly reignite speculation about release dates of Microsoft 's new products .
The global death toll is 770 with more than 8300 people sickened since the severe acute respiratory syndrome virus first appeared in southern China in November .
" If this escalation continues as Rowling concludes the saga , there may be an epidemic of Hogwarts headaches for years to come . "
Mr Blair became Labour leader in 1994 after the then leader , John Smith , died of a heart attack .
And , of course , the FBI agent who ran him down received nothing - no ticket , no violation . "
This change in attitude gave upscale purveyors including Neiman Marcus Group Inc. and Nordstrom Inc . , along with some boutique retailers , strong sales gains in May .
Jason Giambi contributed a two-out RBI single .
" They feel so happy making jokes about a mistake like that , " Sosa said .
The Davis administration says the state is operating for the first time completely on borrowed money .
Identity theft cost businesses and financial institutions nearly $ 48 billion and consumer victims reported $ 5 billion in out-of-pocket expenses last year , according to the FTC .
Sovereign said it expects the merger to close in the first quarter of 2004 , subject to regulatory and First Essex shareholder approval .
The rate of survival without serious brain damage is about 10 percent , said Bossaert , a professor at the University Hospital in Antwerp , Belgium .
And because it is so far out in international water , salvage company Odyssey Marine Exploration doesn 't have to share the wealth with coastal state governments .
U.S. soldiers killed about two dozen suspected Taliban militants in southern Afghanistan after their convoy came under attack , the military said Sunday .
An hour later Israeli attack helicopters rained missiles on a car in Gaza City , killing seven people , Palestinian sources said .
United Airways plans to offer in-flight , two-way e-mail on all domestic flights by the end of the year , becoming the first U.S. carrier to do so .
E Ink is one of several companies working to develop electronic " paper " for e-newspapers and e-books , and other possible applications _ even clothing with computer screens sewn into it .
Some 1.6 billion shares traded on the Big Board , a 17 percent increase over the three-month daily average .
In a televised address back in March , Mr Howard declared Iraq had weapons capable of " causing death and destruction on a mammoth scale " .
About 38,000 OGE Energy Corp. customers are without power , the company said on its Web site .
The safety center has a $ 45 million budget for its first year , much of which will be spent on tests and analyses .
" It is reminiscent of the communication troubles that have dogged the ECB in the past , " said Ken Wattret of BNP Paribas .
And she has a boyfriend , officials said : Sgt. Ruben Contreras , who sat with her family today .
France , which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. approval for the war , also sought changes .
The FBI arrested a suburban Chicago man Wednesday and charged him with secretly collecting information on individuals in the United States who opposed Saddam Hussein 's Iraqi government .
Joan B. Kroc , the billionaire widow of McDonald 's founder Ray Kroc known for her philanthropy , died Sunday of brain cancer .
But Gates dismissed the challenge coming from open-source programs , including those written for operating systems such as Linux .
Tim Hortons ' same-store sales in Canada rose by 6.7 per cent .
Last week , India and Pakistan said they would hold their first diplomatic talks in two years .
Wall Street enjoyed a hefty rally on Tuesday as economic reports pointed to a thriving housing market and an uptick in consumer confidence .
Analysts attributed its rise to negative news from bankrupt competitor WorldCom Inc . < WCOEQ.PK > and talk that AT & T could be a takeover target , among other factors .
His lack of co-operation was allowing other JI operatives to remain at large , where they threatened further terrorist acts , Mr Dila said .
It also required that existing televisions , VCRs , DVD players and related equipment will remain fully functional under the new broadcast flag system .
Enron 's stock comprised as much as 61 % of the workers ' 401 ( k ) portfolios .
" I know of nobody who pressured anybody , " Douglas Feith , undersecretary of defense for policy , said at a Pentagon briefing .
Minister Saud al-Faisal 's visit was disclosed by two administration officials , who spoke on condition of anonymity .
Jews , Americans and their allies had " evil " plans to colonise nations like Indonesia , Amrozi said .
In a separate complaint , the FTC alleged that AOL and CompuServe failed to deliver timely $ 400 rebates to consumers .
The quick conviction followed a 2 1 / 2 week trial , during which the Venango County man represented himself .
The men will appear in Brisbane Magistrates Court on Monday .
Volodymyr Gorbanovsky , deputy general director of the plane 's owners , Mediterranean Airlines , said initial information indicated it had veered from its flight path because of fog .
In a statement , the ECB said the outlook for price stability over the medium term had " improved significantly " since its last decision to lower interest rates in March .
The report cites the marriage of the alleged operational commander of the Bali bombings , Mukhlas , as an example of how JI uses marriage to grow .
The academy will get its own internal report next week and it will be made public , Rosa said .
He told the Register : " I still want to be the candidate for guys with Confederate flags in their pickup trucks . "
Elsewhere in theaters this weekend , " X2 " earned $ 17.1 million to raise its three-week total to $ 174 million .
NBC also plans to shelve Crossing Jordan until January as star Jill Hennessy has her first child .
As stark as the numbers themselves , is the conundrum they highlight : the growing difficulty of classifying racial and ethnic categories in an increasingly fluid and multi-ethnic society .
" We 're pleased with the judge 's decision , " said Mark Herr , spokesman for Merrill Lynch .
Shinseki 's career included combat in Vietnam and head of U.S. peacekeeping efforts in Bosnia .
Against the dollar , the euro rose as high as $ 1.1535 -- a fresh four-year high -- in morning trade before standing at $ 1.1518 / 23 at 0215 GMT .
Ms. Gelinas said only 1.5 per cent of those have been fully re-evaluated .
Toronto police made 38 arrests linked to the blackout and reported 114 incidents , mostly for looting and other thefts , said Constable Mike Hayles .
I never thought I 'd say this , but I almost missed Vin Diesel at first .
The company , based in King of Prussia near Philadelphia , said it could liquidate the other two chains if it cannot find a buyer for them .
Lloyds TSB yesterday confirmed that it had received bids for its National Bank of New Zealand operation .
Southwest said it completed inspections of its entire fleet of 385 aircraft and found no additional items .
LeapFrog Enterprises ' LF.N LeapPad books , Hasbro Inc . ' s HAS.N Beyblade starter set , and MGA Entertainment 's Bratz doll line all were stealing market share , he said .
Oracle managers also indicated PeopleSoft 's roughly 8,000 workers could expect mass layoffs , though they did not get into specifics .
Mr. Abplanalp used plastic in a model that could be mass produced , lowering the price per valve , to 2 1 / 2 cents from 15 cents .
He faces an additional 25 years in prison on the federal charges when he is sentenced July 7 .
The White House said that leaking classified information was a serious matter that should be " pursued to the fullest extent " by the Justice Department .
SAN Architect and AutoAdvice can be used as stand-alone applications or as an extension to EMC 's ControlCenter applications .
Aug. 15 , 1982 : Remains of Chapman , Hinds and Mills are found in the Green River .
Tate was 12 when he was charged with beating Tiffany Eunick , 6 , to death in July 1999 .
" I regret we had an incident that could be an impediment to progress , " Powell told a news conference in neighboring Jordan .
And , globally , the number of active probable cases has declined to 573 .
CAPPS II will not use bank records , credit records , or medical records , according to Loy and Kelly .
A pro-independence radical , Miodrag Zivkovic , of the Liberal Alliance , came in second with 31 percent of the vote .
Daniel said D 'Antonio left between 7 : 15 p.m. and 8 p.m and it takes about two hours to drive from his home to Nashville .
Ms. Kethley , who has repeatedly denied any infidelity , has recounted a similar story .
The unemployment rate in San Joaquin County dipped last month to 8.5 percent , down nearly a full percentage point from August .
Mrs Clinton writes her husband 's eyes filled with tears when she told him he would have to confess to Chelsea as well .
" The committee will define the role of the interim chairman and recommend an individual to fill that role , " said Carl McCall , the lead director of the NYSE board .
SAN Architect will run approximately $ 2,400 while AutoAdvice is available with coverage from one to 50,000 CPUs .
" We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States , " Sadr said in a fiery sermon at Koufa mosque near Najaf .
But he added : " The only thing I know for certain is that these are bad people . "
Dr. Roth also said that hospital efforts to start " fever clinics " in parking-lot tents to keep infectious patients out of emergency rooms were " moving along impressively . "
Russian cosmonaut Malenchenko achieved a first earlier this month when he married his earth-bound fiancee by video link .
Witness Zulfiqar Ali , who was slightly wounded by shrapnel , said the attackers had focused on the mosque 's guards .
Joining him in the majority opinion were Justices Sandra Day O 'Connor , David H. Souter , Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen G. Breyer .
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average eased 44 points , or 0.47 percent , to 9,543 , after scoring five consecutive up sessions .
Alleged stockpiles of chemical and biological weapons have not turned up , nor has significant evidence of a nuclear-weapons program .
He was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Sandra Day O 'Connor and Antonin Scalia .
" If you think this problem has been blown out of proportion by the media , you are wrong . "
After striking the pedestrian , the pickup traveled south on Hemphill Street , then turned west on Drew Street going about 60 mph , Jones said .
Gold 's bounce pulled other precious metals higher , sending silver to $ 4.83 / 85 an ounce from $ 4.80 / 82 last quoted in New York .
Police said the shooter ran away from an officer who chased him , and still was being sought Thursday night .
Sixty-one people were killed and dozens wounded in outbreaks of violence across Afghanistan in the troubled country 's bloodiest 24 hours in more than a year , officials said Wednesday .
The readings came back at 160 on June 16 and 120 at June 23 at one of three sampling sites at Huntington Beach .
Avery Dennison said it now expects a second-quarter profit of 68 cents to 72 cents a share , down from its prior outlook of 77 cents to 82 cents .
" We 've got an incredible amount of work to do , but it ain 't in the instruction set , " he said .
Leading Democratic candidates are former state and national Democratic Chairman Joe Andrew and State Sen. Vi Simpson , Ellettsville .
The contract sets his annual base salary at $ 1.4 million and his target bonus at a minimum of $ 1 million .
He or she decides the merchandising direction of the company , or basically what it should stand for .
An Alaska judge has rejected an attempt by an animal rights group to stop a state-sponsored program allowing hunters to shoot wolves from airplanes in Alaska .
Shares of the cigarette makers jumped on the news , led by New York-based Altria , whose shares rose almost 10 percent to $ 38.30 .
She said she didn 't know yet whether she would certify the budget .
In an advertisement for the book , Berg says , " More than my remembrances , this book intends to convey hers . "
But the yen 's gains were capped by wariness about Japanese intervention , with some traders reporting irregular bids around 118 yen that could be from the Bank of Japan .
" The fire is going to have great potential to get in there tomorrow , " he said .
In Texas , public watchdog groups opposed Mr. Bush 's efforts to house his papers at his father 's presidential library , where they would have remained secret for a half-century .
At one point in the chain , a wholesaler would sell the questionable drugs to one of three huge national companies that supply virtually all drugs in this country .
Dynes will be paid $ 395,000 a year ; Atkinson 's salary is $ 361,400 .
The software maker is seeking to simplify creation of BizTalk applications by tying it more tightly to its flagship development tool , Visual Studio.Net.
Hoffa , 62 , vanished on the afternoon of July 30 , 1975 , from a parking lot in a Detroit suburb in Oakland County .
When his grandmother , then-Princess Elizabeth , turned 21 in 1947 , the day was declared a public holiday , and she attended a reception and a ball .
The company posted a net loss of $ 185 million , or 54 cents per share , in the year-earlier period , it said in a statement Wednesday .
It beat the previous record of $ 54.9 set by 1999 's " Austin Powers : The Spy Who Shagged Me . "
Ms. Kennedy Cuomo 's lawyer , William D. Zabel , said she would not comment .
" This blackout was largely preventable , " Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said at a press conference this afternoon .
The matriarch , who celebrates her 81st birthday next month , was thanked personally yesterday for her generosity by actress Sarah O 'Hare , National Breast Cancer Foundation patron .
Even into his 90s , Lacy worked to change the game of baseball .
The broad Standard & Poors 500-stock index was down 4.77 points to 929.62 .
The Government shut down in Washington , and federal offices were to remain closed yesterday .
Previously , it had reported a small profit of $ 12 million , or break-even on a per-share basis , for the period .
On June 10 , the ship 's owners had published an advertisement on the Internet , offering the explosives for sale .
A hearing Thursday morning before Judge Elizabeth Long in Fulton County Superior Court marked one of the first steps in deciding the case of Matthew Whitley .
Two CIA operatives have been killed in an ambush in Afghanistan , the CIA said yesterday .
Because of the holidays , CDC is not releasing data from the period since Dec. 27 until today .
U.S. Food and Drug Administration Commissioner Mark McClellan said Kraft 's could start an important trend .
Riva had recently helped his son , Frank Riva Jr . , get into a construction workers ' union and land a job .
If the creditors turn down the bailout plan , LG Group may have to closedown its card business .
Still , changes to IE " may affect a large number of existing Web pages , " according to the W3C 's notice .
A month ago , the Commerce Department estimated that GDP had a grown at a 7.2 percent rate in the third quarter .
The analysts said they believe the payroll statistics provide a more accurate picture of the economy because they are based on a larger sample .
Messagelabs , which runs outsourced e-mail servers for 700,000 customers around the world , has labeled the worm " high risk " and reports more than 31,000 infections in 120 countries .
About 80 percent of Pakistan 's 140 million people are Sunnis .
The exact number of passengers on the ferry was not known and may never be determined because ferry operators typically do not keep accurate passenger manifests .
In ' ' The Order of the Phoenix , ' ' Harry is 15 , and fully a teenager at last .
The Russell 2000 index , the barometer of smaller company stocks , rose 3.28 , or 0.7 percent , to 494.20 .
The industry censor forbade the sexual innuendo of the play and would not allow Ewell 's character to sleep with Monroe 's .
The Nasdaq eased 0.15 percent for the week after two consecutive up weeks .
The Nikkei average .N225 was down 1.83 percent or 192.25 points at 10,310.04 , its lowest close since August 28 .
Since Sept . 11 , 2001 , the six largest airlines have lost a combined $ 18 billion .
Her proposal to create a special committee to investigate Iraq intelligence failures was rejected on procedural grounds .
Brigadier General Edward Aritonang , a police spokesman , confirmed yesterday that another two had been arrested , one in Jakarta and another in Magelang , Central Java .
The representative did not return calls seeking additional comment .
" Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling CDMA chips against little or no competition , " said TI General Counsel Joseph Hubach .
Naim al-Goud , the newly appointed mayor of Hit , said people from outside his region attacked the pipeline .
" However , we are not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment . "
Because the companies described the talks as exclusive , it 's likely they signed an agreement saying Dynegy wouldn 't talk to other suitors for a certain period .
Some of the passengers were from Benin , Guinea and Sierra Leone .
In his new position , Dynes will earn $ 395,000 , a significant increase over Atkinson 's salary of $ 361,400 .
Dotson , 21 , was subsequently charged with Dennehy 's murder .
Of those , 14 were passengers sitting within four seats of the SARS patient and two were flight attendants , Ryan said .
Chinese language Web portals also support 3721 keywords , the Web site said .
Only Intel 's 0.3 percent yield is lower .
State troopers arrested the men in a stolen van at the Jubilee Market on Route 14 in Horseheads , said James Flateau , a Department of Correctional Services spokesman .
Tibco 's chief marketing officer George Ahn said : " Rendezvous has been a Tibco mark for many years and is one of our flagship products .
" We haven 't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line , " said Dave Richardson , the ICC 's cricket manager .
" The United States welcomes a greater NATO role in Iraq 's stabilization , " Mr. Powell told his colleagues in a speech today .
The airline said a similar discovery was made on the plane in Houston .
Both sets of findings were presented Monday at the annual meeting of the Radiological Society of North America in Chicago .
Clark , one of nine Democrats seeking the nomination , said the program would cost about $ 100 million a year and would be within the Department of Homeland Security .
Derrick Todd Lee , 34 , is shown in this photo released by the police in Baton Rouge , Monday .
Earlier this month , Mr. Bremer called off a visit , in a move that officials confided at the time was linked to uncertainty on the Kurdish situation .
After posting $ 3 million bail , Jackson flew to Las Vegas , where he had been working on a video .
" The United States welcomes a greater NATO role in Iraq 's stabilization , " Mr. Powell said in a speech to fellow NATO ministers .
Joanie Harper and Brothers were granted an annulment in September 2001 , and Harper was given sole custody of Marques and Lyndsey , court records show .
New York has by far the country ’ s most expensive Medicaid program , costing taxpayers $ 7,646 per recipient , almost double the national average of $ 3,936 .
Cullen , 43 , is charged with killing a Roman Catholic Church official and attempting to kill another patient at Somerset Medical Center in Somerville .
The senior administration official said neither Bush nor National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice read the entire National Intelligence Estimate .
October heating oil ended down 0.41 cent to 70.74 cents a gallon .
A top aide to Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver was arrested yesterday for allegedly raping a 22-year-old legislative staffer after a night on the town .
A federal appeals court ruled Tuesday that the U.S. government can withhold the names of people detained as part of the September 11 investigation , reversing a lower court decision .
It 's almost as if they ( Russians ) hit an x-mark on the ground . "
While a month 's supply of aspirin can cost under $ 10 , the equivalent amount of ticlopidine can run well over $ 100 .
" They have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded , unscientific fears , " Bush said .
She had only a single condition , that the book not be published until after her death .
In the seconds after the crash , she added , Captain Smith said simply , " Oh my God . "
The PCs are scattered across the United States , Canada and South Korea .
Two kids from Michigan are in today 's third round .
Judiciary officials did not immediately respond to Reuters ' requests for comment on the criticism of Mortazavi 's appointment .
Near a mosque in the northern town of Mosul , rebel gunmen also assassinated a Sunni Muslim tribal leader who backed the coalition .
In a letter sent to The New York Times after his resignation , Mr Blair blamed " personal issues " and apologised for his " lapse of journalistic integrity " .
In her testimony , Kate Hannum said she was 5 1 / 2 months pregnant when her mother was killed .
Still , bond bulls can take comfort in the fact the Fed has done nothing to dispel market expectations of an easing , either in speeches or through the press .
Two-year-old Egyptian twin boys , born with their heads conjoined , have been separated after 26 hours of surgery at the Children 's Medical Centre in Dallas .
We can scatter them , we can cut off one head here and one tentacle there , but often the beast survives .
The new variation of Blaster was identified Wednesday , according to antivirus company Sophos .
Associated Press Writer Jay Reeves in Birmingham , Ala . , contributed to this story .
But Senator Hill appeared unaware of the intelligence problems that have been of serious concern to US , Australian and British military intelligence officers .
SIRTF is the last of NASA 's so-called Great Observatories .
Medicaid , which receives federal and state funding , is the government health-insurance program for the poor .
The governments of those countries have said that despite rising public opposition , their support will not waver .
Older people who eat fish at least once a week could cut their risk of Alzheimer 's by more than half , a study suggests .
From 1976 to 1980 , it said , 6 percent of children ages 6 to 18 were overweight .
FCC officials said the embedded electronic signal is designed to make it more difficult for consumers to then transfer copies to the Internet .
" Obviously , I have made statements that are ludicrous and crazy and outrageous because that 's the way I was . "
Andy Savage , who is representing Renee Britt , said she is undereducated and has some mental problems herself .
The number of host names using BSD is nearing 4 million , whereas the number of active sites is nearly 2 million , Netcraft said .
Nelson stared down referee Joey Crawford during a timeout with 2 : 46 left in the first quarter and San Antonio leading 26-16 .
The Nets and the San Antonio Spurs are crossing new frontiers of offensive ineptitude while embarrassing their high-scoring ABA forefathers .
District Superintendent J. Chester Floyd told reporters Monday that McCrackin will be reassigned within the district .
However , the agency said it will provide data from system audit logs to support external investigations of improper Internet use if requested by outside authorities .
The advance guard of the 9,200-strong multinational stabilization force Poland will command in central and southern Iraq left Wednesday on the country 's biggest military mission in nearly 60 years .
Young faces a fine , suspension or being permanently barred from the securities industry .
" This is going to put a severe crimp in our reserves , " O 'Keefe said during a breakfast with reporters .
Prior to completion , CCG said it will also extract surplus cash of $ 27 million to reduce net borrowings .
They did not nationalize them , " said Manouchehr Takin of the Center for Global Energy Studies .
The company also argued that Lexmark was trying to squash competition by installing a microchip on its toner cartridges to make it difficult for third-party manufacturers to make generic cartridges .
Microsoft issued a patch for the vulnerability , which affects Windows NT 4.0 , Windows NT 4.0 Terminal Services Edition , Windows 2000 , Windows XP and Windows Server 2003 .
Based on having at least one of these symptoms , most students were hung over between three and 11 times in the past year .
US authorities have said the council would include 20 to 25 members .
She has the confidence of having beaten her for the first time and she is buoyed by Venus Williams ' upset loss of two days ago .
Years later , Cuba refused permission for her to attend her father 's funeral .
For example , the Dow dropped more than 1,500 points , or 15.6 percent , from May to October 2002 , largely because of terrorism fears driven by the headlines .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 Index was up 1.75 points , or 0.18 percent , to 977.68 .
Anthony Citrano , a representative for WhenU , declined to comment on the case .
The Department of Homeland Security announced Tuesday that it has selected three companies to continue research into ways to thwart shoulder-fired missile attacks on U.S. commercial aircraft .
Two additional passengers were taken to John Peter Smith and Harris Methodist hospitals , both with what was described as critical injuries .
On June 4 , Amazon said it had received orders for over 1 million copies of " Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix . "
They also are reshaping the retail-business relationship , as companies take away concepts and practices that change how they do business internally and with others .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was down 25.36 points , or 1.53 percent , at 1,628.26 .
Blair praised the work of the Rhodes Trust , saying it was an Australian Rhodes Scholar he met while at Oxford who first interested him in politics .
A major British study has added to the evidence that hormone replacement therapy increases the risk of breast cancer , especially when women receive a combination of estrogen and progestin .
Florida legislators return today for a special session in which they 're expected to pass a compromise bill aimed at lowering doctors ' medical malpractice insurance rates .
" In fact , I was physically sick several times at this stage , because he looked so desperate , " she said .
Desktop PC shipments also exceeded IDC 's expectations in the second quarter , Kay said .
Kelly said Rumsfeld , in a November interview , made the unsolicited suggestion that this year 's honor go to all men and women who wear the U.S. uniform .
Meanwhile , Funny Cide 's trainer , Barclay Tagg , called the allegations " ridiculous . "
John Heine , a spokesman for the commission in Washington , declined to comment on Mr. Spitzer 's criticism .
In " Open Range , " Costner plays a cowboy who works with cattleman Robert Duvall .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX added 1.14 points , or 0.12 percent , at 968.14 .
Microsoft will stop developing versions of its Internet Explorer browser software for Macintosh computers , saying that Apple 's Safari is now all that Apple needs .
The stock remains 43 percent below levels prior to the February overstatement news .
He was arrested less than 1km from where he allegedly kidnapped Jennette Tamayo after beating her mother and brother .
Wall Street was also waiting for aluminum maker Alcoa Inc . ( nyse : PEP - news - people ) to report earnings after the close .
By the time that Reagan left office in 1989 , the Navy had nearly 600 ships - about twice the number that it has today .
They were killed over a few days in April 2001 and " deviant cannibalistic tendencies " were the primary motivation for the murders , authorities said .
An average residential customer paying $ 840 a year for electricity could see a savings of $ 30 annually .
Shares of Mandalay closed down 8 cents at $ 29.42 Thursday .
Alhart said the governor " remains hopeful that the city will continue to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions . "
It also offers a " self-healing " option so businesses have continuous access to critical servers , data and applications .
Researchers found that sea ice in the Arctic is disappearing at a rate of 9 percent each decade .
" We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the revised Diebold machines , " said Gilles W. Burger , chairman of the Maryland State Board of Elections .
He also said that Tom Siebel had turned in 26 million stock options with a value of $ 54 million to $ 56 million earlier this year .
Half the women received a daily tablet of the combination oestrogen plus progestin while the rest were given a placebo .
" Her lawyers are trying to obtain a free pass to download or upload music on-line illegally .
He is temporarily serving as Chechnya 's acting president while his boss , Akhmad Kadyrov , is running in the region 's Oct. 5 presidential election .
Jacob has pushed consolidation for years but said it has been opposed by many communities , especially rural ones .
Asked about other possible attacks , Roberts said : “ I don ’ t think there ’ s any question about it that they ’ re going to be very global in nature .
The survey which uncovered the star only covered a narrow slice of the sky .
If the extra equity for the project cannot be found , AMC directors will have to abandon it to avoid trading while AMC is insolvent .
Conway called the move " atrociously bad behaviour from a company with a history of atrociously bad behaviour . "
Iraq 's economy was shattered under former president Saddam Hussein and by the U.S.-led war to oust him which ended in April .
National Constitution Center President Joseph Torsella was hit in the head and knocked to his knees .
Three such vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organizer , who identified himself only as " Eleonora67 , " to extend the contest until 6 p.m. EDT Sunday .
The US acknowledgment that it suspects that Mohammed killed Pearl was first reported in yesterday 's editions of the Journal .
Three Cubans were executed for hijacking a Cuban ferry , and six more are scheduled to go on trial in Key West in December for a plane hijacking in March .
In another disaster , 62 Spanish peacekeepers were killed May 26 when their plane crashed in Turkey on their way home .
However , he said , The reasons behind the increase in incidence are more complex and were just beginning to understand the risk factors .
In recent years , Hampton kept in touch with friends and stayed in trouble : He faced charges of fare-beating and credit-car theft .
" Please , keep doing your homework , " said Bavelier , the mother of 6-year-old twins and a 2-year old .
While many likely now will quit - as millions of women already have - Soltes said she is likely to continue prescribing the supplements for relief of change-of-life symptoms .
London Mayor Ken Livingstone announced over the weekend that police and security services had foiled four terrorist attacks on the capital .
The Bombardier and Embraer aircraft will be delivered to U.S. Airways by September 2006 .
Neither said whether they would appeal the decision but others said an appeal was certain .
His body was found July 25 , and former teammate Carlton Dotson has been charged in his shooting death .
Doris Brasher , who owns a grocery store on Highway 96 , said many in the close-knit town knew the three men who were killed .
Robert Stewart , spokesman for Park Place Entertainment , the parent company for Caesars , said the Supreme Court seemed to change the rules for lawsuits .
The Standard & Poor 's retail index < .RLX > was up more than 1.5 percent .
Thirty-two U.S. soldiers have been killed in Iraq since President Bush declared major combat over on May 1 .
Murphy said Strier 's sister , Ethel Celnik , was in the courtroom at the time , but Strier was not .
Last year , Congress passed similar , though less expensive , buyout legislation for peanut farmers , ending that Depression-era program .
On Tuesday in Minneapolis , the House of Bishops gave final approval on a 62-43 vote for the Rev. V. Gene Robinson of New Hampshire to become bishop .
The US on Tuesday filed a long-anticipated case in the World Trade Organisation aimed at forcing the European Union to lift its de facto moratorium on genetically modified foods .
Al-Qaida , the terror network led by Saudi-born bin Laden and blamed for the Sept . 11 , 2001 attacks on the United States , has been linked to both cases .
Spengler replied , " Didn 't your mother die of breast cancer ?
A final decision on his fate would lie with US President George Bush .
He added : " Culturecom is confident it will make a significant impact on market share with this new development . "
The chief merchandising officer decides what the store is going to sell , giving it that signature that draws in shoppers and brings them back again and again .
Rumours swirled among market participants that Japan may have stepped in overnight and in Tokyo on Friday .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX was 0.46 points lower , or 0.05 percent , at 997.02 .
Sgt. Ernest Bucklew , 33 , was coming home from Iraq to bury his mother in Pennsylvania .
Undersecretary-General for Peacekeeping Jean-Marie Guehenno urged member states contributing police and soldiers to U.N. peacekeeping operations to provide more women .
Easynews Inc. said Monday that it was cooperating with the FBI in trying to locate the person who uploaded the virus to a Usenet news group hosted by the ISP .
The body of a victim lies under a yellow tarp in front of a car that plowed through a crowded farmers market in Santa Monica .
Shares of BioReliance sold at $ 47.98 at the close of market yesterday , down 2 cents .
Two more died later , and initial autopsy reports show they succumbed to dehydration , hypothermia and suffocation .
Coca-Cola 's shares were steady in late morning trading in New York , down just 13 cents to $ 43.88 .
Rogge was a witness to Drummond 's tantrums Sunday at the World Track and Field Championships .
Spokesman James Howe said five children aged between 4 and 17 were taken to hospital with neck and chest injuries , while three others were treated at the scene .
Dealers said the single currency 's downward momentum against the dollar could pick up speed if it broke below $ 1.15 .
It went on : " I picked prostitutes as my victims because I hated most prostitutes and I did not want to pay them for sex .
Four Harvey Milk High School students who dressed as women were arrested yesterday for robbing men in the West Village - and pretending to be police officers , sources said .
On Aug. 8 , Juvenile Court Judge Robert Yeates ordered that Parker be placed in protective custody .
Rats on the tomato powder diet had a 26 percent lower risk of prostate cancer death than the control rats , allowing for diet restriction .
A federal judge yesterday struck down the national do-not-call registry slated to take effect Oct. 1 , ruling the Federal Trade Commission had no authority to create the list .
That compared with a loss of $ 55.4 million , or $ 4.92 per share in the same period a year earlier .
BuyMusic is the first subscription-free paid download music service for PC users .
They also drafted a nonbinding priorities list specifying that one-quarter may be used to reduce planned cuts of 5 percent in fees paid to health care providers .
Glover said the killer used a ``peculiar slipknot , ' ' including a coaxial cable and an extension cord , to strangle some of the victims .
" We do not know if the current investigation involves one or more multiple contractors , " she said .
Despite these and other differences , U.S. and EU leaders insisted they were working well together .
Reflecting the broad scope of the recession and its aftermath , significant increases in uninsured rates occurred among whites , blacks , people 18-to-64 , and middle- and higher-income earners .
Those with diabetes run the risk of severe complications , including heart disease , chronic kidney disease , blindness and amputations .
Tuition at the six two-year community colleges will leap by $ 300 , to $ 2,800 .
The Nasdaq composite gained 4.78 to 1,955.80 , having edged up 0.1 percent last week .
The Supreme Court agreed Monday in Illinois vs. Telemarketing Associates .
Under the compromise , most dividends and capital gains would be taxed at 15 percent through 2008 .
The health department spokesperson added the department is following Centers for Disease Control protocol .
They said the police officers also entered various private wards at the clinic and attacked patients .
More than a dozen people were killed in those attacks .
The 30-year bond US30YT = RR grew 1-3 / 32 for a yield of 4.30 percent , down from 4.35 percent late Wednesday .
Smiledge said he hasn 't spoken with his son in eight years and wants nothing to do with him .
In his female disguise , he used the name Dorothy Ciner , a childhood friend , and rented an apartment in Galveston .
He and colleagues named it Colymbosathon ecplecticos , which means " swimmer with a large penis . "
The affidavit says al-Amoudi was detained Aug. 16 attempting to travel from London to Damascus , Syria .
Based on that review , I have concluded that CEO and President Greg Parseghian and General Counsel Maud Mater should be replaced , " Falcon said .
Saturday , officials in California described Gehring as cooperative — but said he has revealed nothing about what has happened to the children .
Lynch , who returns to the hills of West Virigina Tuesday , also received the Purple Heart and Prisoner of War medals at Walter Reed Army Medical Center in Washington .
In Europe , France 's CAC-40 rose 1.3 percent , Britain 's FTSE 100 declined 0.2 percent and Germany 's DAX index gained 0.6 percent .
Beginning , early stages , not life threatening , treatable , Bruno told a state Capitol news conference .
French troops defend a group of foreigners as they board helicopters for evacuation from the European Union compound in Monrovia , Liberia .
Lee said he reached Scott on his cell phone and they talked for a couple minutes between noon and 2 p.m. on Dec. 24 .
That was up from the year-ago quarter , when the company earned $ 54.3 million , or 22 cents a share .
Brian Halla , CEO of NatSemi , claimed the deal made sense for both companies .
The insulation can sift through cracks in the ceiling , around light fixtures or around ceiling fans , so cracks should be sealed , they recommend .
Television replays , though , showed the ball had touched the ground before Sangakkara 's boot ( 262 for 4 ) .
AstraZeneca says just 1pc of people of those taking the drug worldwide have suffered serious consequences .
Experts say legal challenges are rare before a bill becomes law .
That measure was limited to the city of Arequipa amid protests , that killed three people , against the sale of two power firms .
A former partner of accountancy firm Ernst & Young was yesterday arrested by FBI agents in the US on charges of obstructing federal investigations .
PowderJect , roughly 20 percent owned by Chief Executive Paul Drayson and his family , reported surging annual profit early this month .
Mahmud controlled access to Saddam and was frequently at his side .
" It will be a compromise , like the real world requires , " he said .
President Bush on Saturday became the first American president to address a joint session of the Philippine National Congress since Dwight Eisenhower in 1960 .
The ONS this week reported a surprise 0.6 per cent fall in manufacturing output in August .
Slow-moving , drenching Tropical Storm Henri doused an already soaked Florida on Friday , pushing heavy rains into areas where lakes and rivers were full to overflowing .
Both companies automate many channels , although XM has some live programming anchored by disc jockeys who can field requests , and Sirius airs live in-studio performances and interviews .
The fighting begun May 7 after neighboring Uganda completed the withdrawal of its more than 6,000 soldiers from in an around Bunia .
NASCAR officials could not be reached for comment Tuesday .
No legislative action is final without concurrence of the House , and few were predicting what fate the bill would meet there .
Gartner Inc. also raised its worldwide PC shipment forecast in August to 8.9 percent growth for 2003 , up from expectations of 7.2 percent .
They frequently tortured and shot prisoners , severing ears and scalps for souvenirs .
After that , he plans to have dinner at Camp Bondsteel with U.S. troops stationed there .
An Iranian Kurd who stitched up his eyes , lips and ears in protest at being refused asylum has been granted refugee status .
Those with a BMI of 50 or greater , sometimes called super obesity , increased by a factor of five , from one in 2,000 to one in 400 .
After Jackson testified he never touched the officers during the struggle on the ground , Barnett showed photos of a scratch on Morse 's neck and the officer 's bloody ear .
Its shares fell 4.6 percent , or $ 4.04 , to $ 83.38 and was the blue-chip Dow 's biggest percent loser .
Brand-name drugs in Canada tend to be cheaper than in the United States because of government price controls and a favorable exchange rate .
Gary Nicklaus , the 34-year-old son of the Golden Bear who is playing on a sponsor 's exemption , birdied five of his first nine holes before shooting 69 .
The emotional communications were made public after a legal skirmish between the authority and The New York Times .
The network peddled drugs by forging paperwork showing prior owners of the shipments .
Whitley 's attorney , Marc Garber , called the ruling " a huge victory . "
The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC jumped 43.64 points , or 2.89 percent , to 1,553.73 .
" It 's never fun to be No. 4 , especially if you 've been No. 1 before , ' ' said Williams . "
Port authorities in Romania said two ships that sank during World War II but resurfaced due to low water levels could block river traffic .
Intel Corp. narrowed its fourth-quarter sales estimate to the top end of earlier estimates Thursday , and announced it will take an accounting charge on one of its businesses .
Telecom equipment maker Lucent Technologies Inc . ( nyse : QCOM - news - people ) rallied 43 cents , or 12.3 percent , to $ 3.95 .
And all of the samples contained molecules that can only be produced when cholesterol interacts with ozone .
The agency could put no exact date on the tape , though the voice says he is speaking on June 14 .
" We still have a lot to do , but I feel confident that HP is no longer an integration story . "
" The momentum in the marketplace continues to shift in SCO 's direction , " said Darl McBride , SCO 's president and CEO .
The shootings happened at 5 : 30 a.m. in the living room of the home that the extended family shared on Gary 's west side .
Brigadier General Edward Aritonang , a police spokesman , confirmed yesterday that another two had been arrested , one in Jakarta and another in Magelang , Central Java .
Intel 's Xeon surpassed HP 's PA-RISC to become the processor most often used , rising from 76 systems in June to 152 systems in November .
Law enforcement officials confirmed that Limbaugh was being investigated by the Palm Beach County , Fla . , state attorney 's office .
The League of United Latin American Citizens , the group criticizing Schwarzenegger , said the Austrian-born actor 's advisory board position brings into question his commitment to Hispanics .
It also supports coloured labels to better organise documents , and dynamic browsing of the network for Mac , Windows and Unix file servers .
" That ought to be the standard , not how many people actually signed up , " Mr. Rule told the judge .
Kraft 's shares fell 25 cents to close at $ 32.30 yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange .
The fight over online music sales was disclosed in documents made available Monday by the court .
That 's the highest third-quarter growth rate we 've seen in over 25 years , " CFO Andy Bryant told the Associated Press .
Total revenue for the second quarter was $ 1.48 billion , up 7 % from $ 1.39 billion in the same period last year .
" We don 't want to stand by and see a credit card lynching take place , " he said .
Police said there was an argument before the slaying at East 126th Street and Fifth Avenue around 9 p.m.
That compares with a profit of $ 446 million , or seven cents per share , on revenue of $ 6.32 billion in the same period last year .
Sen. Charles Schumer ( D-N.Y. ) , a supporter of Boxer 's bill , sent a letter to President Bush on Wednesday demanding action on the legislation .
ICANN asked VeriSign to voluntarily suspend Site Finder while the Internet community studied the issues .
Foreign Minister Alexander Downer yesterday claimed the group of 14 Kurds had not asked to be considered as refugees when they arrived off Melville Island last week .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was up 5.64 points , or 0.34 percent , at 1,672.22 .
The 30-year bond US30YT = RR jumped 20 / 32 , taking its yield to 4.14 percent from 4.18 percent .
Wexford had agreed to assume about $ 90 million in debt to buy the planes and certificate .
The unemployment rate is predicted to have ticked up a percentage point to 6.1 % .
Mortgage rates around the country fell again this week , the ninth time this year rates have hit an all-time low .
" For customers to get the most out of the internet , several factors are crucial , " Mr Danon said .
Nvidia 's stock fell 65 cents , or almost 4 percent , to $ 16.13 on Nasdaq .
Soros criticised Snow 's policy shift as a " mistake " .
Note the subheading of this terrible parable in the " American Masters " series , " Arthur Miller , Elia Kazan and the Blacklist : None Without Sin . "
Brent crude for July delivery fell 38 cents to $ 27.45 a barrel on London 's International Petroleum Exchange .
The lawsuit names Shelley , a Democrat , and registrars in Los Angeles , Orange and San Diego counties .
" Germany is on the right path , " he added , specifying his government 's announced structural reform plan , known as Agenda 2010 , and tax cuts .
Attackers detonated a second roadside bomb later yesterday as a U.S. convoy was travelling near Falluja , just west of Baghdad , killing an U.S. soldier and wounding three others .
He was identified by his driver 's license and cell phone , Utah County Sheriff Jim Tracy said .
If convicted , Parson faces up to 10 years in federal prison and a fine of up to $ 250,000 .
United Nations inspectors have discovered traces of highly enriched uranium near an Iranian nuclear facility , heightening worries that the country may have a secret nuclear weapons program .
In a 6-3 ruling , the justices said such anti-psychotic drugs can be used only in " limited circumstances . "
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX eased 7.57 points , or 0.76 percent , at 990.94 .
Before the commitee was formed , Mr Howard was defiant , saying Australia 's view on Zimbabwe " will not be changing , irrespective of the views of other countries " .
In early trading , the Dow Jones industrial average was down 39.94 , or 0.4 percent , at 8,945.50 , having slipped 3.61 points Monday .
Recall sponsors say they have submitted 1.6 million signatures .
In addition , Apple 's new Server Admin tool makes it easy for system administrators to set up , manage and monitor the complete set of services built into Panther Server .
PeopleSoft 's board has recommended stockholders reject the offer .
If the company did not turn in the results before the end of May , it was likely to be delisted , an SFC official said .
" Landing on an aircraft carrier doesn 't make up for the loss of 2.7 million jobs in America , " Kerry said .
The S & P rose 13.78 , or 1.5 percent , to 930.08 , the best level since Jan. 14 .
Retail sales fell 0.2 percent overall in September compared to forecasts of a 0.1 percent dip .
Defense lawyers had requested a change of venue for two reasons : They argued that massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client .
Richardson and Fletcher campaign manager Daniel Groves rejected the request .
" I think we have some opportunities -- some small opportunities -- in November and possibly January , " he said .
Treatment guidelines , many written by medical specialty organizations , outline recommended approaches to many common ailments , ranging from painkillers and exercise for arthritis to surgery for breast cancer .
" Poland , Spain and Germany , were ready to talk about a deal , " he said .
However , he said , The reasons behind the increase in incidence are more complex and were just beginning to understand the risk factors .
Stack testified that he was not asked to do any work for Triumph until June 1999 , after a grand jury investigating Silvester subpoenaed Triumph .
The rock was first observed by the Lincoln Near Earth Asteroid Research Program , also known as LINEAR .
U.S. Attorney Jeffrey Collins also said two of his assistants will consult with state police during the investigation and determine if any federal laws were broken .
The show 's closure affected third-quarter earnings per share by a penny .
Terri Schiavo , 39 , underwent the procedure at the Tampa Bay area hospice where she has been living for several years , said her father , Bob Schindler .
The study , published Monday in the journal Molecular Brain Research , is likely to also apply to humans , its authors said .
It also offers a built-in NAND flash boot loader so that high-density NAND flash memory can be used without having to install an additional support chip .
Dr Mark McClean , Jonathan 's family doctor , said if the drug had been administered earlier Jonathan would have retained more of his brain functions .
" There were more people surrounding the clubhouse than the Unabomber 's house up in the hills , " Baker said .
The announcement was made during the recording of a Christmas concert attended by top Vatican cardinals , bishops , and many elite from Italian society , witnesses said .
The worm attacks Windows computers via a hole in the operating system , an issue Microsoft on July 16 had warned about .
Mr. Kerkorian tried unsuccessfully to take over Chrysler in 1995 , but did win representation on its board .
Witnesses said they believed the man planned to crash the Launceston-bound Qantas flight 1737 , which was carrying 47 passengers and six crew .
Police suspected that Shaichat , 20 , had been abducted either by Palestinians or by Israeli Arabs .
About two hours later , his body , wrapped in a blanket , was found dumped a few blocks away .
The Hartford shares rose $ 2.88 , or 6.6 percent , to close Monday at $ 46.50 on the New York Stock Exchange .
Federal Emergency Management Administration designated $ 20 million to establish the registry .
Blair 's Foreign Secretary Jack Straw was to take his place on Monday to give a statement to parliament on the European Union .
One way or another , Harry Potter And The Order Of The Phoenix will be in your hands by Saturday .
A nationally board certified teacher with a master 's degree , Kelley makes a salary of $ 65,000 in his 30th year .
" It is probably not the easiest time to come in and take over the shuttle program , but then again , I look forward to the challenge , " he said .
University of Michigan President Mary Sue Coleman said in a statement on the university 's Web site , " Our fundamental values haven 't changed .
The jury verdict , reached Wednesday after less than four hours of deliberation , followed a 2 week trial , during which Waagner represented himself .
The results appear in the January issue of Cancer , an American Cancer Society journal , being published online today .
Gilead had earnings of $ 73.1 million , or 33 cents a share , compared with $ 20.8 million , or 10 cents , in the year-ago quarter .
The player 's eyes were bloodshot and a blood-alcohol test produced a reading of 0.18 - well above Tennessee 's level of presumed intoxication of 0.10 , the report said .
Its closest living relatives are a family frogs called sooglossidae that are found only in the Seychelles in the Indian Ocean .
The other inmate fell but Selenski shimmed down the makeshift rope to a second-story roof and used the mattress to scale a razor-wire fence , Fischi said .
He said his hatred for such people grew from these discussions and had helped convince him violence was the answer .
Only one of the five buildings in the Baghdad compound of the United Nations Development Program escaped being burned , the UN said on its Web site .
Bob Richter , a spokesman for House Speaker Tom Craddick , had no comment about the ruling .
The legal ruling follows three days of intense speculation Hewlett-Packard Co. may be bidding for the company .
Authorities had no evidence to suggest the two incidents were connected .
" I will support a constitutional amendment which would honor marriage between a man and a woman , codify that , " he said .
Sony said the PSP would also feature a 4.5-inch LCD screen , Memory Stick expansion slots .
The rate of skin cancer has tripled since the 1950s in Norway and Sweden , according to the study .
" Overwhelmingly the Windows brand really resonated with them . "
The top rate will go to 4.45 percent for all residents with taxable incomes above $ 500,000 .
Their contract will expire at 12 : 01 a.m. Wednesday instead of 12 : 01 a.m. Sunday , said Rian Wathen , organizing director for United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700 .
Peterson , 31 , is now charged with murder in the deaths of his 27-year-old wife and their unborn son .
Gregory Parseghian , a former investment banker , was appointed chief executive .
A year or two later , 259 , or 10 per cent , of the youths reported that they had started to smoke , or had taken just a few puffs .
Robert Liscouski , the Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security for Infrastructure Protection , will oversee NCSD .
The Dow Jones industrial average ended the day down 10.89 at 9,837.94 , after advancing 111.04 Wednesday .
But late Thursday night , the campaign issued a statement saying there would be no news conference and no big announcement .
Gasps could be heard in the courtroom when the photo was displayed .
Twenty-eight people were believed to have been spending Christmas Day with the caretaker of the St Sophia 's camp , when the mudslide smashed into two cabins .
" Biotech products , if anything , may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing , " Fraley said , adding that 18 countries have adopted biotechnology .
Glover spoke at a news conference that included about 20 relatives of the victims .
Clinton did not mention that two Democratic senators , Charles Robb of Virginia and Wendell Ford of Kentucky , voted to shelve the McCain bill .
Sen. Patrick Leahy of Vermont , the committee 's senior Democrat , later said the problem is serious but called Hatch 's suggestion too drastic .
Other staff members , however , defended the document , saying it would still help policy-makers and the agency improve efforts to address the climate issue .
He made a point of saying during Tuesdays debate that the Confederate flag was a racist symbol .
The Democratic candidates also began announcing their fund-raising totals before Wednesday 's deadline to file quarterly reports with the Federal Election Commission .
But MTA officials appropriated the money to the 2003 and 2004 budgets without notifying riders or even the MTA board members considering the 50-cent hike , Hevesi found .
" There is no conscious policy of the United States , I can assure you of this , to move the dollar at all , " he said .
Mr. Rowland attended a party in South Windsor for the families of Connecticut National Guard soldiers called to active duty .
Secretary of State Colin Powell designated the Chechen leader believed responsible for last year 's hostage standoff in a Moscow theater as a threat to U.S. security Friday .
Q : Can I buy coverage for prescription drugs right away ?
Ratliff 's daughters , Margaret and Martha Ratliff , were adopted by Peterson after their mother 's death .
Michel , who remains in the government , denied that US pressure had provoked the government 's move .
The poll had a margin of error of plus or minus 2 percentage points .
He said the foodservice pie business doesn 't fit the company 's long-term growth strategy .
" Jeremy 's a good guy , " Barber said , adding : " Jeremy is living the dream life of the New York athlete .
The driver , Eugene Rogers , helped to remove children from the bus , Wood said .
U.S. corporate bond yield spreads tightened in spotty trading on Friday as Wall Street labored to get back on its feet after the largest power outage ever in North America .
The Phillies were upset that Counsell had stolen second in the sixth inning with Arizona leading 7-1 .
All patients developed some or all of the symptoms of E. coli food poisoning : bloody diarrhea , vomiting , abdominal cramping and nausea .
In the United States , heart attacks kill about 460,000 year , in Canada about 80,000 .
The airline also said it has the option to buy 380 more airplanes , orders that would be split evenly between the two manufacturers .
Claire had advanced to the third round of the 76th annual Scripps Howard National Spelling Bee .
He is blocking them until the Air Force assigns four additional C-130 cargo planes to Gowen Field , an Idaho Air National Guard base in Boise .
Her father , Florin Cioaba , the king of Transylvania 's Gypsies , had her brought back and she was married against her will .
The attack followed several days of disturbances in the city where American soldiers exchanged fire with an unknown number of attackers as civilians carried out demonstrations against the American presence .
The Calgary woman , who is in her twenties , donated blood on Aug. 7 .
It 's the first such drill since the September 11 terrorist attacks on New York and Washington .
Wittig resigned last year after being indicted on federal bank fraud charges involving a real estate loan unrelated to Westar business .
IBM of the US and Infineon Technologies of Germany will today announce a technological development that could threaten multi-billion dollar memory chip markets .
Lay had contended that turning over the documents would violate his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination .
Corixa shares rose 54 cents to $ 7.74 yesterday on the Nasdaq Stock Market .
Waiting crowds filling the streets on both sides overwhelmed the peacekeepers soon after daylight , sweeping past the barbed wire barricades .
In an unusual move , the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office is reconsidering a patent affecting Internet pages that critics contend could disrupt millions of Web sites .
It decided instead to issue them before the stock market opened Monday after the downgrade of its debt late Friday by Moody 's , the credit rating agency .
About 1,500 police will be deployed for the visit .
For the second year in a row , rises in hospital costs accounted for much of the inflation , accounting for 51 percent of the overall cost increase .
Amazon.com shipped out more than a million copies of the new book , making Saturday the largest distribution day of a single item in e-commerce history .
Estonia 's place in the European mainstream and safeguard its independence regained in 1991 .
It does not affect the current Windows Media Player 9.0 Series .
Metro , bus and local rail services in France 's four largest towns -- Paris , Lyon , Lille and Marseille -- were severely disrupted , Europe 1 radio reported .
" It was never our intention to sell the product , " said Health Minister Anne McClellan , a skeptic of medical marijuana use .
" It 's a major victory for Maine , and it 's a major victory for other states .
Peterson , a former fertilizer salesman , is charged with murder in the deaths of his 27-year-old wife and the baby boy she was carrying .
The company said it would issue revised guidance for the full fiscal year next month when it releases its Q2 results .
One of the FBI ’ s key operatives , who had a falling out with the bureau , provided an account of the operation at a friend ’ s closed immigration court proceeding .
He tried to fight off officers and was taken to a hospital after a police dog bit him but was later released .
According to the Merchant Marine Ministry , the 37-year-old ship is registered to Alpha Shipping Inc. based in the Pacific Ocean nation of Marshall Islands .
In February 2000 , the officers — Kenneth Boss , Sean Carroll , Edward McMellon and Richard Murphy — were acquitted of all charges in the killing .
Parson was charged with intentionally causing and attempting to cause damage to protected computers .
The Guru microcontroller serves four functions : hardware monitoring , overclocking management , BIOS ( Basic Input Output System ) update and a troubleshooting-assistance feature called Black Box .
Carlson on Tuesday said he would not recuse himself from the case .
After the two-hour meeting on May 14 , publisher Arthur O. Sulzberger Jr . , executive editor Howell Raines and managing editor Gerald Boyd pledged quick remedies to staff grievances .
But with the PM due to leave tomorrow afternoon for personal reasons there was a risk he might not be present when the final decision was made .
In a statement , Lee said he " no longer believes that Viacom deliberately intended to trade on my name when naming Spike TV . "
Christina 's aunt , Shelley Riling , said the defense 's claims were preposterous .
The men were remanded in custody and are due to appear again before court on July 8 .
Intel was disappointed and assessing its " options in the event Mr. Hamidi resumes his spamming activity against Intel , " spokesman Chuck Mulloy said .
" This deal makes sense for both companies , " said National Chief Executive Brian Halla .
The 3 rd Armored Cavalry Regiment is 5,200 strong and the largest combat unit at Fort Carson .
Quattrone lawyer John W. Keker said his client is innocent .
The Justice Department Aug. 19 gave pre-clearance for the Oct. 7 date for the election to recall Gov. Gray Davis , saying it would not affect minority voting rights .
The state 's House delegation currently consists of 17 Democrats and 15 Republicans .
" APEC leaders are painfully aware that security and prosperity are inseparable , " Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra told business leaders .
The New York Democrat and former first lady has said she will not run for the White House in 2004 , but has not ruled out a race in later years .
The announcement , which economists said was not a surprise , may be bittersweet for the millions of Americans without jobs .
" We think that the United States of America should support the free speech of all groups , " Mr. White said , objecting to Mr. Olson 's recommendation .
The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services , the federal agency that runs Medicare , last year began a similar effort for nursing homes .
The steel tariffs , which the U.S. president imposed in March 2002 , will officially end at midnight , instead of March 2005 as initially planned .
The Denver-based natural gas producer and marketer said the inaccurate reporting was discovered after it received a subpoena from the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission .
Zulifquar Ali , a worshipper slightly wounded by shrapnel , said the assailants first targeted the mosque 's security guards .
Trans fat makes up only 1 percent to 3 percent of the total fat Americans consume , compared with 14 percent for saturated fat .
But Virgin wants to operate Concorde on routes to New York , Barbados and Dubai .
In three years , Lend Lease has slipped from a top-five stock , when its share price was around $ 24 , to 37th .
The blasts killed two people and injured more than 150 others .
Barry Callebaut will be able to use Brach 's retail network to sell products made from its German subsidiary Stollwerck , which makes chocolate products not sold in the United States .
" There is no need for one deadline for all to create the ASEAN Economic Community , " Thaksin said .
Dealers said the dollar also drew some downside support as Japanese investors are expected to keep snapping up foreign bonds amid the yen 's rise against the dollar .
Detectives told Deasean 's father , Stelly Chisolm , a college student , and mother , Kimberly Hill , of the arrest shortly after Perry was apprehended .
ONG KONG , July 9 Tens of thousands of demonstrators gathered tonight before the legislature building here to call for free elections and the resignation of Hong Kong 's leader .
Thyroid hormones are known to help in weight loss by stimulating metabolism - and cutting cholesterol - but come with the unwanted side effect of speeding up the heartbeat .
Xerox itself paid a $ 10 million fine last year to settle similar SEC charges .
Chirac , who can pardon a law-breaker , refused Humbert 's request last year but kept in close touch with the family .
Ernst & Young has denied any wrongdoing and plans to fight the allegations .
The Midwestern research center will focus on the development of diagnostic , therapeutic and vaccine products for anthrax , botulism , tularemia , hemorrhagic fever viruses and plague .
" So Sebastian did his best to convincingly confess to a crime that he didn 't commit in order to survive , " she told jurors .
" This decision is clearly incorrect , " FTC Chairman Timothy Muris said in a written statement .
" The government elements who have been causing trouble are still in place .
" Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats – international terrorism – this Bush administration chose to settle old scores , " Mr. Graham said .
Later this year , the command will send trainers with soldiers from four North African nations on patrolling and intelligence gathering missions .
Ex-KGB agent Putin added that the Beatles were considered ' propaganda of an alien ideology ' .
Wal-Mart , the nation 's largest private employer , has expanded its antidiscrimination policy to protect gay and lesbian employees , company officials said Tuesday .
North American markets grabbed early gains Monday morning , as earnings season begins to slow and economic indicators take the spotlight .
The disagreement over online music sales was disclosed in documents filed last week with the judge and made available by the court yesterday .
Speaking for the first time yesterday , Brigitte 's maternal aunt said his family was unaware he had was in prison or that he had remarried .
A landslide in central Chungchong province derailed a Seoul-bound train and 28 passengers were injured , television said .
Some of the computers also are used to send spam e-mail messages to drum up traffic to the sites .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX edged down 9 points , or 0.98 percent , to 921 .
Bush wanted " to see an aircraft landing the same way that the pilots saw an aircraft landing , " White House press secretary Ari Fleischer said yesterday .
Prosecutors allege that Nichols and co-conspirator Timothy McVeigh worked together to prepare a bomb that destroyed the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building .
They note that after several weeks of rallies on upbeat earnings , investors are looking for stronger evidence of a recovery before sending stocks higher .
SPOT products run a Microsoft operating system and the company 's DirectBand radio technology developed with SCA Data Systems .
Rumsfeld , who has been feuding for two years with Army leadership , passed over nine active-duty four-star generals .
The reports helped overcome investor jitters after the euro briefly hit an all-time high against the dollar Tuesday .
Sources who knew of the bidding said last week that cable TV company Comcast Corp. was also looking at VUE .
King , brand-name writer , master of the horror story and e-book pioneer , is receiving this year 's medal for Distinguished Contributions to American Letters .
Mr Annan also warned the US should not use the war on terror as an excuse to suppress " long-cherished freedoms " .
Nearly 300 mutinous troops who seized a Manila shopping and apartment complex demanding the government resign gave up and retreated peacefully after some 19 hours .
White , who had suffered kidney failure from years of high blood pressure , died at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center around 9 : 30 a.m. , said manager Ned Shankman .
Police say CIBA was involved in the importation of qat , a narcotic substance legal in Britain but banned in the United States .
November 17 's last victim was British defence attache Stephen Saunders , who was shot on an Athens road in June 2000 .
" It is bad for Symbian , " said Per Lindberg , analyst at Dresdner Kleinwort Wasserstein .
They were being held Sunday in the Camden County Jail on $ 100,000 bail .
Lord Falconer hailed the changes as " a new beginning as far as the courts , Crown Prosecution Service and police are concerned " .
Kelly killed himself after being exposed as the source for a BBC report which claimed the government had embellished evidence of Iraq 's banned weapons to justify the war .
McCabe said he was considered a witness , not a suspect .
In the undergraduate case , Rehnquist said the use of race was not " narrowly tailored " to achieve the university 's asserted interest in diversity .
The U.S. Supreme Court will hear arguments on Wednesday on whether companies can be sued under the Americans with Disabilities Act for refusing to rehire rehabilitated drug users .
He called on Prime Minister John Howard to establish a royal commission on child sex abuse .
The 12-nation currency has risen by 33 percent against the dollar over the past 15 months .
Mr. Young said he was disappointed that the government didn 't see the severe acute respiratory syndrome crisis as worthy of federal disaster-relief money .
He was arrested Friday night at an Alpharetta seafood restaurant while dining with his wife , singer Whitney Houston .
Environmental campaigners are using this weekend ’ s lunar eclipse to highlight the huge increase in light pollution across the UK .
In fiction : Edward P. Jones ( " The Known World " ) and Scott Spencer ( " A Ship Made of Paper " ) .
Most economists had expected a more dire report , with many anticipating the fifth month of job losses in six months .
No dates have been set for the civil or the criminal trial .
" Allison just proves you don 't need to wait until August or September to have a disaster , " said Josh Lichter , a meteorologist with the Houston-Galveston weather office .
The mother of a Briton held by Colombian guerrillasspoke of her relief yesterday after hearing that he might be freed in the next few weeks .
But I would rather be talking about high standards than low standards . "
We 'll be listening carefully to the [ IAEA ] director general 's report at the next board meeting .
Shattered Glass , " starring Hayden Christensen as Stephen Glass , debuted well with $ 80,000 in eight theaters .
Danbury prosecutor Warren Murray could not be reached for comment Monday .
" This child was literally neglected to death , " Armstrong County District Attorney Scott Andreassi said .
During this year 's August to October quarter , Lowe 's opened 38 new stores , including two relocations .
The decision to issue new guidance has been prompted by intelligence passed to Britain by the FBI in a secret briefing in late July .
Indonesia 's army has often been accused of human rights abuses during GAM 's battle for independence , charges it has generally denied while accusing the separatists of committing rights violations .
But software license revenues , a measure financial analysts watch closely , decreased 21 percent to $ 107.6 million .
That is evident from their failure , three times in a row , to get a big enough turnout to elect a president .
In the year-ago quarter , the steelmaker recorded a profit of $ 16.2 million , or 15 cents per share , on sales of $ 1.14 billion .
Terri Schiavo , 39 , is expected to die sometime in the next two weeks in the Tampa-area hospice where she has spent the past several years .
Judge Craig Doran said it wasn 't his role to determine if Hovan was " an evil man " but maintained that " he has committed an evil act . "
SARS has killed about 800 people and affected more than 8400 since being detected in China in November .
In May , Mr. Hatfill said he was struck by a vehicle being driven by an FBI employee who was tailing him in Georgetown .
Franklin County Judge-Executive Teresa Barton said a firefighter was struck by lightning and was taken to the Frankfort Regional Medical Center .
A man arrested for allegedly threatening to shoot and kill a city councilman from Queens was ordered held on $ 100,000 bail during an early morning court appearance Saturday .
Robert Walsh , 40 , remained in critical but stable condition Friday at Staten Island University Hospital 's north campus .
Cortisol levels in the saliva of day care children were highest and rose most steeply in those judged by day care center personnel to be the shyest .
Committee approval , expected today , would set the stage for debate on the Senate floor beginning Monday .
Costa 's semifinal opponent is Spaniard Juan Carlos Ferrero , whom he beat in last year 's final .
He replaces Ron Dittemore , who announced his resignation in April .
In hardest-hit Taipei , traffic has disappeared from once bustling streets , ubiquitous department stores stand mostly empty and restaurants are eerily quiet .
Federal regulators have turned from sour to sweet on a proposed $ 2.8 billion merger of ice cream giants Nestle Holdings Inc. and Dreyer 's Grand Ice Cream Inc .
" We are committed to helping the Iraqi people get on the path to a free society , " Rumsfeld said in a speech to the Council on Foreign Relations .
United issued a statement saying it will " work professionally and cooperatively with all its unions . "
The AFL-CIO is waiting until October to decide if it will endorse a candidate .
Friday , Stanford ( 47-15 ) blanked the Gamecocks 8-0 .
While the Ibrahims had one separation operation , Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three for the Aguirres , with several weeks between each .
" More than 70,000 men and women from bases in Southern California were deployed in Iraq .
The hearing is to determine whether there is enough evidence to order Akbar to a general court-martial proceeding .
This integrates with Rational PurifyPlus and allows developers to work in supported versions of Java , Visual C # and Visual Basic .NET.
The opposition would resort to rolling mass action " at strategic times of our choice and without warning to the dictatorship , " he said .
Sony claimed that the reader 's capacitance sensing technology cannot be fooled by paper copies and does not require cleaning .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX gave up 11.91 points , or 1.19 percent , at 986.60 .
The association said 28.2 million DVDs were rented in the week that ended June 15 , compared with 27.3 million VHS cassettes .
After losing as much as 84.56 earlier , the Dow Jones industrial average closed up 22.81 , or 0.2 percent , at 9,340.45 .
Another $ 100-million in savings will come from management layoffs and pay cuts .
BREAST cancer cases in the UK have hit an all-time high with more than 40,000 women diagnosed with the disease each year , Cancer Re-search UK revealed yesterday .
" Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats - international terrorists , " Graham said , " this Bush administration chose to settle old scores . "
Massachusetts regulators and the Securities and Exchange Commission on Tuesday pressed securities fraud charges against Putnam Investments and two of its former portfolio managers for alleged improper mutual fund trading .
Thus far , Stewart 's company appears ready to stand behind her .
A European Union spokesman said the Commission was consulting EU member states " with a view to taking appropriate action if necessary " on the matter .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index < .IXIC > declined 25.78 points , or 1.56 percent , to 1,627.84 .
Chad Kolton , emergency management spokesman with the Department of Homeland Security , said the government is open to new technologies and methods to communicate more quickly and efficiently .
Today , analysts say , UN members can no longer ignore the shifts since the September 11 2001 attacks .
The woman was exposed to the SARS virus while in the hospital but was not a health care worker , said Dr. Colin D ’ Cunha , Ontario ’ s commissioner of public health .
Magnarelli said Racicot hated the Iraqi regime and looked forward to using his long years of training in the war .
HP 's shipments increased 48 percent year-over-year , compared to an increase of 31 percent for Dell .
Kansas Department of Health and Environment records show there were 88 abortions performed on girls age 14 and younger last year .
Mr Russell , 46 , a coal miner from Brisbane , said : " They are obviously hurting , so we are basically going over there to help them . "
The S & P / TSX composite rose 87.74 points on the week , while the TSX Venture Exchange composite gained 44.49 points .
Three such vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organizer , who identified himself only as " Eleonora [ 67 ] , " to extend the contest until 7 p.m. EST Sunday .
Citigroup Inc . C.N , the world 's largest financial services company , on Wednesday promoted Marjorie Magner to chairman and chief executive of its global consumer group .
But plaque volume increased by 2.7 percent in pravastatin patients .
Federal Agriculture Minister Warren Truss said the Government still did not know the real reason the sheep were rejected at the Saudi port of Jeddah on August 21 .
Per-user pricing is $ 29 for Workplace Messaging , $ 89 for Team Collaboration and $ 35 for Collaborative Learning .
After 18 months , Nissen found that Lipitor stopped plaque buildup in the patients ' arteries .
Based on a separate survey of households , the unemployment rate fell in August to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent .
Today in the US , the book - kept under wraps by its publishers , G. P. Putnam 's Sons , since its inception - will appear in bookstores .
" Close co-operation between our law enforcement agencies , close co-operation between our intelligence services lie at the heart of the ongoing fight against terrorism . "
Twenty percent of Latino students and 23 percent of black students performed at proficient or higher .
Columbia broke up over Texas upon re-entry on Feb. 1 .
It 's happened five times in the last 11 years : A disaster puts this Southwestern town in the headlines during the summer tourist season .
Some of the company 's software developers will join Microsoft , but details haven 't been finalized , said Mike Nash , corporate vice president of Microsoft 's security business unit .
Gov. Bob Riley proposed the budget cuts after Alabama voters rejected his $ 1.2 billion tax plan Sept . 9 .
Ross Garber , Rowland 's lawyer , said Tuesday he would attend the meeting and would ask to speak on the issue .
The only announced Republican to replace Davis is Rep. Darrell Issa of Vista , who has spent $ 1.71 million of his own money to force a recall .
Let me just say this : the evidence that we have of weapons of mass destruction was evidence drawn up and accepted by the joint intelligence community .
The European Commission , the EU 's antitrust enforcer , is expected to issue its decision next spring — unless a settlement is reached .
The IRS said taxpayers can avoid undelivered checks by having refunds deposited directly into their checking or savings accounts .
Wal-Mart said it would check all of its million-plus domestic workers to ensure they were legally employed .
On Monday the Palestinian Prime Minister , Mahmoud Abbas , will report to the Palestinian parliament on his Government 's achievements in its first 100 days in office .
Tom Kraynak , manager of operations and resources for the Canton , Ohio-based East Central Area Reliability Council , said that scenario is one among many that investigators are considering .
Chiron already has nearly 20 percent acceptances from PowderJect 's shareholders .
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI ended up 64.64 points , or 0.71 percent , at 9,191.09 , according to the latest available data .
After more than two years ' detention under the State Security Bureau , the four were found guilty of subversion in Beijing 's No. 1 Intermediate Court last Wednesday .
On Saturday , a 149mph serve against Agassi equalled Rusedski 's world record .
The agency charged that one WD Energy worker discussed false reporting with traders at two other energy companies .
Rosenthal is hereby sentenced to custody of the Federal Bureau of prisons for one day with credit for time served , " Breyer said to tumultuous cheers in the courtroom .
Broomhead was assigned to 2nd Squadron , 3rd Armor Cavalry Regiment , based at Fort Carson .
Cindy Yeast , a 50-year-old Washington-area publicist , says she began taking supplements two years ago in part to avoid mild dementia that affects her elderly parents .
GE stock closed at $ 30.65 a share , down about 42 cents , on the New York Stock Exchange .
The chain operates more than 3,400 stores , and has annual revenue of about $ 15.8 billion .
However , EPA officials would not confirm the 20 percent figure .
BP shares slipped 0.8 percent to 433.50 pence ( $ 6.85 ) each in afternoon trading on the London Stock Exchange .
Nelson , 27 , is being retried on civil-rights charges stemming from the disturbance which led to Rosenbaum 's death .
Vivace was founded in 1999 and has raised over $ 118 million in three rounds of venture financing .
We strongly disagree with Novell 's position and view it as a desperate measure to curry favor with the Linux community .
Garner said the group would probably be expanded to include , for example , a Christian and perhaps another Sunni leader .
We acted because we saw the existing evidence in a new light , through the prism of our experience on 11 September , " Rumsfeld said .
" I think it happened very quickly , " Houston Police Department homicide investigator Phil Yochum said of the crime .
My decision today is not based on any one event . "
The dollar was at 116.92 yen against the yen , flat on the session , and at 1.2891 against the Swiss franc , also flat .
" I had one bad stretch of holes that put me out of contention to win , " Woods said .
Toll , Australia 's second-largest transport company , last week offered NZ75 a share for Tranz Rail .
The two are not related , but have referred to each other as father and son .
Altria shares fell 2.5 percent or $ 1.11 to $ 42.57 and were the Dow 's biggest percentage loser .
In the weeks leading up to the execution , several Florida officials received anonymous threatening letters .
" Today , we are trying to convey this problem to Russian President Vladimir Putin and US President George W Bush . "
Wal-Mart has said it plans to open at least 40 Supercenters in the state in the coming years ; analysts expect four or more to be in San Diego County .
Lu reclined in a soft chair wearing a woolly coat near the blackened capsule .
Unable to find a home for him , a judge told mental health authorities they needed to find supervised housing and treatment for DeVries somewhere in California .
The additional contribution brings total U.S. food aid to North Korea this year to 100,000 tonnes .
Second-quarter results reflected a gain of 10 cents per diluted share , while the 2002 results included a loss of 19 cents per diluted share .
The United States finally relented during President Bush 's visit to Africa earlier this month .
Mr. Clinton 's national security adviser , Sandy Berger , said that the White House wasn 't informed of the FBI activities .
O 'Brien was charged with leaving the scene of a fatal accident , a felony .
One , Capt. Doug McDonald , remained hospitalized in critical condition on Thursday .
The U.N. troops are in Congo to protect U.N. installations and personnel , and they can only fire in self defense and have been unable to stem the violence .
The WHO experts didn 't say how many cases in Hebei were in rural areas .
However , a recent slide in prices and OPEC 's expectations of a surge in oil inventories have compounded its fears about a further softening of the market .
In the clash with police , Lt. Mothana Ali said about 1,000 demonstrators had gone to the station demanding jobs .
He said they lied on a sworn affidavit that requires them to list prior marriages .
Freddie also said Leland C. Brendsel will retire as chairman and chief executive and resign from the board .
He said he has begun a court action to seize Beacon Hill 's assets and has frozen more than $ 13 million Beacon Hill had when it closed .
" I stand 100 percent by it , and I think our intelligence services gave us the correct information at the time . "
In that position , Elias will report to Joe Tucci , president and CEO of EMC .
The broad Standard & Poor 's 500 < .SPX > eased 0.37 of a point , or 0.03 percent , at 1,121 .
Watertown , Saugus and Framingham also are going smoke-free Monday , joining a growing number of cities around the country .
GM , the world 's largest automaker , has 115,000 active UAW workers and another 340,000 retirees and spouses .
At community colleges , tuition will jump to $ 2,800 from $ 2,500 .
Wal-Mart Stores Inc . , Kohl 's Corp. , Family Dollar Stores Inc. and Big Lots Inc. were among the merchants posting May sales that fell below Wall Street 's modest expectations .
Cooley said he expects Muhammad will similarly be called as a witness at a pretrial hearing for Malvo .
Tom Hamilton said his daughter was conscious and alert and in stable condition after the attack Friday morning .
Cintas is battling efforts to unionize 17,000 of its workers and to let unions organize the workers by signing cards , rather than by a lengthy election process .
President Bush raised a record-breaking $ 49.5 million for his re-election campaign over the last three months , with contributions from 262,000 Americans , the president 's campaign chairman said Tuesday .
The world 's largest software company said it recognized the difficulty the multiple patches posed for companies , and set out to make it easier for them to apply the updates .
Ridge said no actual explosives or other harmful substances will be used .
The pound also made progress against the dollar , reached fresh three-year highs at $ 1.6789 .
He added that those " are not solely American principles , nor are they exclusively Western . "
" The risk of inflation becoming undesirably low remains the predominant concern for the foreseeable future , " the Fed said in a statement accompanying the unanimous decision .
On the stand Wednesday , she said she was referring only to the kissing .
Myanmar 's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will return home late Friday but will remain in detention after recovering from surgery at a Yangon hospital , her personal physician said .
He is charged in three bombings in Atlanta including a blast at the 1996 Olympics and one in Alabama .
However , Lapidus expects foreign brands ' sales to be up 4 percent , driven by strong truck sales at Honda Motor Co .
News that oil producers were lowering their output starting in November exacerbated a sell-off that was already under way on Wall Street .
An episode is declared when the ozone reaches .20 parts per million parts of air for one hour .
Morgan Stanley raised its rating on the beverage maker to " overweight " from " equal-weight " saying in part that pricing power with its bottlers should improve in 2004 .
The hearing , expected to last a week , will determine whether Akbar faces a court-martial .
Sales for the quarter beat expectations , rising 37 percent year-on-year to 1.76 billion euros .
Hester said Sanmina was the best fit among several purchase offers the company received from electronics manufacturers and computer makers .
The delegates said raising and distributing funds has been complicated by the U.S. crackdown on jihadi charitable foundations , bank accounts of terror-related organizations and money transfers .
At least 27 US troops have been killed in hostile fire since Bush 's statement .
He has no immediate plans for television advertising , believing it is unnecessary this early .
The program will grow to include ports in Dubai , Turkey and Malaysia , among others .
By skirting the FDA 's oversight , Eagan said , the quality of the imported drugs is " less predictable " than for those obtained in the United States .
Shares of Salix have rocketed 64 percent since Axcan made its first offer on April 10 .
Worldwide , more than 50 million people have seen " Les Miz , " with gross receipts of $ 1.8 billion .
" Sanitation is poor ... there could be typhoid and cholera , " he said .
About 10 percent of high school and 16 percent of elementary students must be proficient at math .
Consumers who said jobs are difficult to find jumped from 29.4 to 32.6 , while those claiming work was plentiful slipped from 13 to 12.6 .
But Chauncey Billups demonstrated he 's also capable of big games , scoring 77 points over the final two games against the Magic .
The Lord Chancellor was guardian of the Great Seal , used to stamp all official documents from the sovereign .
We firmly believe we have an absolute right to use the common word ' spike ' as the name of our network . "
But Ms Ward said the headroom under its financial covenants was " tight " and that there could be another downgrade if Southcorp breached any of its banking covenants .
Taiwan had been relatively free of the viral infection until a fiasco at a Taipei hospital in late April caused the number of infections to skyrocket .
It will be followed in November by a third movie , " The Matrix Revolutions . "
The company emphasized that McDonald 's USA does not import any raw beef or hamburger patties from Canada for McDonald 's use in the United States .
And it 's going to be a wild ride , " said Allan Hoffenblum , a Republican consultant .
They were among about 40 people attending the traditional Jewish ceremony colored by some non-traditional touches .
They will help draft a plan to attack obesity that Kraft will implement over three to four years .
Iran has until the end of the month to satisfy the agency it has no plans for nuclear weapons .
Leon Williams ' body was found inside his third-floor apartment at 196 Bay St. , in Tompkinsville .
It was not immediately known how many people were on flight UTA 141 , which could carry 141 passengers and crew .
Cisco pared spending to compensate for sluggish sales .
Spansion products are to be available from both AMD and Fujitsu , AMD said .
Ninety-five percent of international cargo to the United States is carried by ship .
The seizure took place at 4 a.m. on March 18 , just hours before the first American air assault .
Last month Intel raised its revenue guidance for the quarter to between $ 7.6 billion and $ 7.8 billion .
Justice Minister Martin Cauchon and Prime Minister Jean Chrétien have both said the Liberal government will introduce legislation soon to decriminalize possession of small amounts of pot for personal use .
PeopleSoft also said its board had officially rejected Oracle 's offer .
" I think it 's going to be a close vote , but I think the grant proposal is going to win , " McConnell said .
The euro was at 1.5281 versus the Swiss franc EURCHF = , up 0.2 percent on the session , after hitting its highest since mid-2001 around 1.5292 earlier in the session .
Eric Gagne pitched a perfect ninth for his 23rd save in as many opportunities .
Donations stemming from the Sept . 11 attacks helped push up contributions to human service organizations and large branches of the United Way by 15 percent and 28.6 percent , respectively .
Officials are also meeting with the International Organization for Epizootics ( OIE ) , which establishes animal-health standards for the world .
" He may not have been there , " the defence official said on Thursday .
Sun Microsystems Inc. on Thursday said it had added 100 new third-party systems and 100 new components to its Hardware Compatibility List for the Solaris x86 operating system Platform Edition .
" We will work with the board to ensure a smooth transition . "
The Neighbours star and singer spent yesterday resting at her family home in Sydney and will have more tests today .
There 's also a flaw that results because IE does not implement an appropriate block on a file download dialog box .
Saddam loyalists have been blamed for sabotaging the nation 's infrastructure , as well as frequent attacks on U.S. soldiers .
Prosecutors said PW Marketing violated the state 's 1998 anti-spam law by sending unsolicited e-mail without a toll-free number for recipients to call to stop additional mailings .
Gibson said last month in a press statement that " neither I nor my film are anti-Semitic .
No company employee has received an individual target letter at this time .
Chief financial officer Andy Bryant has said that hike had a greater affect volume than officials expected .
While dioxin levels in the environment were up last year , they have dropped by 75 percent since the 1970s , said Caswell .
Friday 's report raised new worries that a weak job market could shackle the budding economic recovery despite a slight improvement in the overall unemployment rate .
Asked if the delegates could leave on Friday , police intelligence chief in Aceh , Surya Dharma , told reporters they could not because they did not have proper permission .
The patch also fixes a vulnerability that results because IE does not implement an appropriate block on a file download dialog box .
" If we don 't march into Tehran , I think we will be in pretty good shape , " he said .
The premium edition adds OfficeFront Page 2003 , Acceleration Server 2000 , and SQL Server 2000 .
It 's been a busy couple of days for security gurus assigned to keep their companies safe and sound .
As Samudra sat down to hear the indictment , he looked over to his nine lawyers and shouted ``God is Great ' ' three times .
A former employee of a local power company pleaded guilty Wednesday to setting off a bomb that knocked out a power substation during the Winter Olympics last year .
Available July 7 , the software supports the Solaris , IBM AIX , Red Hat Linux and Windows operating systems .
Drax faced a financial crisis late last year after it lost its most lucrative sales contract , held with insolvent utility TXU Europe .
" The court and the public need to know much more of the details of the defendant 's seemingly massive fraud , " the judge said .
" I don 't know if the person I 'm talking to now may end up being someone else at another time that may not follow the rules , " Parrish said .
GE stock closed Friday at $ 30.65 a share , down about 42 cents , on the New York Stock Exchange .
He said : " For the first time there is an easy and affordable way of making this treasure trove of BBC content available to all . "
A recent poll showed Edwards with a narrow lead in South Carolina , and he plans a rally there later on Tuesday .
Large swells and dangerous surf already were being felt along sections of the coast .
Ms Stewart , the chief executive , was not expected to attend .
Singapore Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong says China plays an important role in the integration of Asia , including managing the stresses and strains both within and between countries .
That would be a potential setback to Chief Executive Phil Condit 's strategy of bolstering defense-related sales during a slump in jetliner deliveries .
With these assets , Funny Cide has a solid chance to become the first Triple Crown winner since Affirmed in 1978 .
But that amount would probably be impossible to pass in the Senate , where Republican moderates have refused to go above $ 350 billion .
He added : ``I 've never heard of more reprehensiblebehaviour by a doctor .
The Dow Jones industrial average < .DJI > added 28 points , or 0.27 percent , at 10,557 , hitting its highest level in 21 months .
Gamarekian told The News she remembers only the woman 's first name - and refused to reveal it .
" But they never climb out of the pot of beer again . "
SP2 is basically about security enhancements to Windows , such as the improved Internet Connection Firewall ( ICF ) .
In midafternoon trading , the Nasdaq composite index was up 8.34 , or 0.5 percent , to 1,790.47 .
" They 've been in the stores for over six weeks , " says Carney .
" No matter who becomes the sponsor for stock-car racing 's top series , NASCAR will need an all-star event , " Wheeler said in a statement .
He allegedly told his ex-wife in an angry phone call that he had no intention of following their new custody agreement .
The civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month -- slipping to 6.1 percent -- even as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000 .
" The idea that Tony Abbott is in some way a one-dimensional political head-kicker couldn 't be more wrong , " Mr Howard said .
The first products are likely to be dongles costing between US $ 100 and US $ 150 that will establish connections between consumer electronics devices and PCs .
Charles O. Prince , 53 , was named as Mr. Weill 's successor .
I was surprised it turned out me talking and the president just listening .
Next Monday at about 2 p.m. ( CST ) , hospital officials in and near Chicago will notice a sudden increase in people complaining of flu-like symptoms .
The decision came a year after Whipple ended federal oversight of the district 's racial balance , facilities , budget , and busing .
In the 2002 study , the margin of error ranged from 1.8 to 4.4 percentage points .
A pro-independence radical , Miodrag Zivkovic , of the Liberal Alliance , came in second with 31 percent of the vote .
Bush also hoped to polish his anti-AIDS credentials in Uganda , which has been hailed as an African pioneer in fighting the killer disease .
The charges allege that he was part of the conspiracy to kill and kidnap persons in a foreign country .
Because of the accounting charge , the company now says it lost $ 1.04 billion , or 32 cents a share , in the quarter ended June 30 .
If the MTA 's appeal to a higher court is successful , the $ 2 bus and subway base fare won 't be rolled back .
The vote came just two days after Kurds swept City Council elections , taking the largest single block of votes on the 30-seat council .
Morrill 's wife , Ellie , sobbed and hugged Bondeson 's sister-in-law during the service .
The market remains pinned in a narrow range after a powerful rally drove the broad Standard & Poor 's 500 index .SPX up more than 20 percent since mid-March .
Business Week 's online edition reported on Friday that WorldCom and the SEC could announce a settlement as early as Monday .
The company said this impacted earnings by a penny a share .
The tube was removed Wednesday from Terri Schiavo , 39 , at the Tampa Bay-area hospice where she has lived for several years .
The study , conducted on the brains of developing mice , was being published today in the journal Molecular Brain Research .
The S3C2440 has a built-in NAND flash boot loader , for example , so that high-density NAND flash memory can be installed without an additional support chip .
Dr Mark McClean , the family 's GP , said had the drug been administered to Jonathan earlier , he would have retained more of his brain function .
" There are more people surrounding the clubhouse than surrounded the Unabomber 's home in the hills .
The broadside came during the recording on Saturday night of a Christmas concert attended by top Vatican cardinals , bishops and many elite of Italian society , witnesses said .
The worm attacks Windows computers via a hole in the operating system , which Microsoft warned of 16 July .
Kerkorian and Tracinda had also tried to take over Chrysler in 1995 .
Witnesses believe he wanted to crash Flight 1737 , which had 47 passengers and six crew .
Nobody claimed responsibility for Schaichat 's death , but police suspect that the 20-year-old soldier was abducted either by Palestinians or Israeli Arabs .
Then his body was dumped a few blocks away , found in a driveway on Argyle Road .
Shares of Hartford rose $ 2.88 to $ 46.50 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading .
The registry was launched with $ 20 million from the Federal Emergency Management Agency .
Blair 's office said his Foreign Secretary Jack Straw would take his place on Monday to give a statement to parliament on the EU meeting the prime minister attended last week .
Just about everything about " Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix " will set records .
A nationally board certified teacher with a master 's degree , Kelley , in his 30th year teaching , makes $ 65,000 .
" It 's probably not the easiest time to come in and take over the shuttle program , but I look forward to the challenge , " Parsons told reporters at NASA headquarters .
" Our fundamental values haven 't changed , " Mary Sue Coleman , president of the university , said in a statement in Ann Arbor .
The quick conviction followed a 2 1 / 2 week trial , during which the Venango County man represented himself .
The results appear in the January issue of Cancer , an American Cancer Society ( news - web sites ) journal , being published online Monday .
Quarterly profit climbed to $ 73.1 million , or 33 cents a share , from $ 20.8 million , or 10 cents , a year earlier , the company said .
He failed a field sobriety test and a blood-alcohol test produced a reading of 0.18 – well above Tennessee 's level of presumed intoxication of 0.10 , the report said .
Its closest relative is found in the Seychelles Archipelago , near Madagascar in the Indian Ocean .
After the other inmate fell , Selenski used the mattress to scale a 10-foot , razor-wire fence , Fischi said .
His hatred for these people had germinated from these discussions and helped cement his belief that violence was the panacea .
Only one of the five buildings in the compound in Baghdad run by the UN Development Program , escaped being burned , the UN said on its Web site .
Bob Richter , spokesman for Craddick , R-Midland , said the speaker had not seen the ruling and could not comment .
The legal ruling follows three days of wild volatility in RIM 's stock over speculation that PC giant Hewlett-Packard Co. may be bidding for the company .
There was no immediate evidence that the two incidents were connected , police said .
" If necessary , I will support a constitutional amendment which would honour marriage between a man and a woman , codify that . "
It also features a 4.5 in back-lit LCD screen and memory expansion facilities .
The study also found that skin cancer nearly tripled in Norway and Sweden since the 1950s .
" Windows was the part of the experience that really resonated with people . "
For residents with incomes above $ 500,000 , the income-tax rate will increase to 4.45 percent .
" It has outraged the membership , " said Rian Wathen , organizing director of United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700 .
Peterson , 31 , is charged with two counts of first-degree murder in the slayings of his wife , Laci , and their unborn son , Conner .
Greg Parseghian was appointed the new chief executive .
Within two years , 259 , or 10 percent , of the youths reported they had started to smoke or had at least taken a few puffs .
NCSD 's chief will be Robert Liscouski , the assistant secretary of Homeland Security for Infrastructure Protection .
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 10.89 points , or 0.11 percent , to 9,837.94 .
But late yesterday , the campaign and the state Democratic Party said there would be no news conference .
Gasps could be heard as the photo was projected onto the screen .
Twenty-seven people were believed to have been spending Christmas Day with the caretaker of Saint Sophia Camp , a Greek Orthodox facility , when the mudslide roared through .
" Biotech products , if anything , may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing , " said Robert Fraley , Monsanto 's executive vice president .
About 20 family members of the victims were invited to the news conference .
Two Democrats , Sen. Charles Robb of Virginia and Wendell Ford of Kentucky , voted with the 40 Republicans .
Sen. Patrick Leahy , the committee 's senior Democrat , later said the problem is serious but called Hatch 's idea too drastic a remedy to be considered .
Some E.P.A. staff members defended the document , saying that although pared down it would still help policy makers and the agency address the climate issue .
Though Dean made a point of saying during the debate that the Confederate flag is a racist symbol .
The Democratic candidates also began announcing their fund-raising totals in advance of the deadline today to file quarterly reports with the Federal Election Commission .
MTA officials appropriated the surplus money to later years ' budgets without notifying riders or the MTA board members when the 50-cent hike was being considered , he said .
He also said there is no conscious policy by the United States to move the value of the dollar .
Rowland was making an appearance at a holiday party for families of Connecticut National Guard soldiers assigned to duty in Iraq and Afghanistan .
U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell on Friday designated Chechen rebel leader Shamil Basayev a threat to the security of the United States and to U.S. citizens .
Congress has added a new benefit - an option to buy insurance coverage for prescription drugs .
Peterson helped raise Ratliff 's two daughters , Margaret and Martha Ratliff , who supported him throughout the trial .
Michel , who has stayed in the new government , denied that it was U.S. pressure which had provoked the government 's move .
It had a margin of sampling error of plus or minus four percentage points and was conducted Thursday through Saturday .
" The foodservice pie business does not fit our long-term growth strategy .
He also said Shockey is " living the dream life of a New York athlete .
At the accident scene , the driver was " covered in blood " but helped to remove children , Wood said .
U.S. stocks rose slightly on feather-light volume on Friday , as Wall Street regrouped after the biggest-ever power outage in North America .
The Phillies were apparently upset when Counsell stole during the sixth with the Diamondbacks up 7-1 .
Symptoms of the E. coli infection include bloody diarrhea , nausea , vomiting and abdominal cramping .
In the United States , heart attacks kill about 460,000 yearly , according to the National Institutes of Health .
The airline has the option to buy 380 more , split evenly between the two manufacturers .
One by one they strolled to the microphone , all 251 youngsters in the 76th Scripps Howard National Spelling Bee .
He is holding them up until the Air Force agrees to assign four additional C-130 cargo planes to the Idaho Air National Guard .
Her father , Roma King Florin Cioaba , had her brought back and she was promptly married against her will .
The attack came after several days of disturbance in the city in which U.S. soldiers exchanged fire with an unknown number of attackers as civilians protested the American presence .
The woman -- who has no symptoms of illness -- donated blood Aug. 7 .
It is the nation 's first large-scale counterterrorism exercise since the Sept . 11 terrorist attacks .
Wittig resigned in late November about two weeks after being indicted on bank fraud charges in a real estate case unrelated to the company .
IBMof the US andInfineon Technologies of Germany willon Tuesdayannounce a technological development that could threaten multi-billion dollar memory chip markets .
Lay had refused to turn over the papers , asserting his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination .
Shares of Corixa rose 54 cents , or about 8 percent , to close at $ 7.74 .
But waiting crowds filling the streets rushed the bridges soon after daylight , overrunning razor-wire barricades .
In an unusual move that critics contend could disrupt millions of Web sites , the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office is reconsidering a patent affecting Internet pages .
It decided instead to issue them before the stock market opened Monday to counteract the downgrade of its debt late Friday by Moody 's to one step above junk status .
Around 1,500 police are to be deployed at Niigata for the ferry 's visit .
For the second year in a row , rises in hospital costs dominated the increase , accounting for 51 percent of the overall cost spiral .
Amazon.com shipped more than a million copies by Saturday afternoon , making Saturday the largest distribution day of a single item in e-commerce history .
Estonia was forcibly incorporated in the Soviet Union in 1940 and regained its independence only in 1991 .
Windows Media Player has had security problems before .
Subway , bus and suburban rail services in France 's four largest cities -- Paris , Lyon , Lille and Marseille -- were severely disrupted , transport authorities said .
" It was never the intention of us to sell product , " federal Health Minister Anne McLellan said yesterday in Edmonton .
The Maine program could be a model for other states .
Peterson , 31 , is now charged with murder in the deaths of his 27-year-old wife and their unborn son .
The company said it would renew its guidance for 2003 when it announces its second quarter results in mid-July .
One of the FBI 's key operatives , who has had a falling-out with the bureau , provided an account of the operation at a friend 's closed immigration court proceeding .
Cruz tried to fight off officers and was hospitalized after a police dog bit him , Sgt. Steve Dixon said .
The Baltic Sky is a 37-year-old ship registered to Alpha Shipping Inc. based in the Pacific Ocean nation of Marshall Islands .
The officers -- Kenneth Boss , Sean Carroll , Edward McMellon and Richard Murphy -- were acquitted in 2000 of state murder charges .
Parson is charged with one count of intentionally causing damage to a protected computer .
The µGuru microcontroller serves four functions : hardware monitoring , overclocking management , BIOS update and a troubleshooting-assistance feature called Black Box .
Service officials said Carlson refused to recuse himself from the case .
The committee will make recommendations to Publisher Arthur Sulzberger , Executive Editor Howell Raines and Managing Editor Gerald Boyd .
But with the Prime Minister due to leave tomorrow , a day early , he may not be present when the final decision is made .
Spike Lee no longer believes that Viacom deliberately intended to trade on his name by calling its own venture " Spike TV , " according to a statement read in court Tuesday .
Christina 's aunt , Shelley Riling , said she will address the court .
They were remanded in custody and will appear in court again on July 8 .
Intel spokesman Chuck Mulloy said the company was disappointed and assessing its " options in the event Mr. Hamidi resumes his spamming activity against Intel . "
" This deal makes sense for both companies , " Halla said in a prepared statement .
Broomhead , 34 , was assigned to the 2nd Squadron , 3rd Armored Cavalry Regiment .
In a statement Monday , his lawyer John Keker said ``Frank Quattrone is innocent .
The Justice Department on Aug. 19 sanctioned the Oct. 7 date for recall election , saying it would not affect voting rights .
Democrats hold a 17-15 edge in the state 's U.S. House delegation .
" APEC leaders are painfully aware that security and prosperity are inseparable , " Thaksin said .
The former first lady has said she will not run for the White House in 2004 but has not ruled out a race later on .
Economists said the announcement was not a surprise , and politicians said it offered little comfort to the millions of Americans without jobs .
We think that the United States of America should support the free speech of all groups , he said .
The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid launched a similar consumer tool for nursing homes last year .
The U.S. steel tariffs , which Bush imposed in March 2002 , were to officially end at midnight Thursday ( 0500 GMT ) , instead of March 2005 as initially planned .
The natural gas producer and marketer said the inaccurate reporting was discovered in response to a subpoena from the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission , or CFTC .
Witness Zulfiqar Ali , who was slightly wounded by shrapnel , said the attackers had focused on the mosque 's guards .
Trans fat accounts for 2.5 percent of Americans ' daily calories , compared to 11 percent to 12 percent for saturated fat .
Branson said that his preference would be to operate a fully commercial service on routes to New York , Barbados and Dubai .
In the space of three years , Lend Lease has slipped from a top-five 5 stock when its share price hovered around $ 24 to 37th on the list .
The Atlanta Olympic Games attack killed one woman and injured more than 100 other people .
Barry Callebaut will be able to use Brach 's retail network to sell products made from its German subsidiary Stollwerck , which makes chocolate products unknown to the American market .
Thus , he said , there did not have to one deadline to create the economic community .
Dealers said the dollar also drew some downside support as Japanese investors are expected to keep snapping up foreign bonds amid ever-falling domestic interest rates .
Shortly after his arrest , detectives told Deasean 's father , Stelly Chisolm , a college student , and mother , Kimberly Hill , a medical assistant , about the development .
Tens of thousands of demonstrators gathered yesterday evening to stand before this city 's legislature building and call for free elections and the resignation of Hong Kong 's leader .
Thyroid hormones are known to help in weight loss by stimulating metabolism , and they can help cut cholesterol too .
Xerox itself previously paid a $ 10-million penalty to settle the SEC accusations .
Chirac , who has the authority to pardon law-breakers , refused Humbert 's request to be allowed to die last year but kept in close touch with the family .
Ernst & Young has denied the SEC 's claims , and called its recommendations " irresponsible " .
The Midwestern center will focus on diagnosis , treatment and vaccines for anthrax , botulism , tularemia , hemorrhagic fever viruses and plague .
" Sebastian did his best to confess convincingly to a crime he didn 't do in order to survive , " Ms. Richardson declared .
The decision is " clearly incorrect , " FTC Chairman Tim Muris said .
The government elements who have been causing trouble are still in place , they are attacking us . "
" Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats - international terrorists , " Graham said , " this Bush administration chose to settle old scores . "
This fall the command will send trainers to work with soldiers from four North African nations on patrolling and gathering intelligence .
In Soviet times the Beatles ' music " was considered propaganda of an alien ideology .
Wal-Mart Stores Inc . , the nation 's largest private employer , will now include gays and lesbians in its anti-discrimination policy , company officials said Wednesday .
North American futures pointed to a strong start to the first trading session of the week Monday , as earnings season slows and economic indicators take the spotlight .
The fight over online music sales was disclosed in documents made available Monday by the court .
Brigitte 's maternal aunt said his family was unaware he had been sent to prison , or that he had remarried in Sydney .
In central Chungchong province , a landslide caused a Seoul-bound Saemaeul Express train to derail , injuring 28 people , local television said .
Some are also used to send spam e-mail messages to boost traffic to the sites .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index < .IXIC > shed 15 points , or 0.98 percent , to 1,492 .
On Tuesday , before Byrd 's speech , Fleischer said Bush wanted ' ' to see an aircraft landing the same way that the pilots saw an aircraft landing .
Prosecutors allege that Nichols and coconspirator Timothy McVeigh worked together to prepare a 4,000-pound fuel-and-fertilizer bomb that destroyed the Murrah building .
After several weeks of market rallies on upbeat earnings , many investors are looking for more concrete signs of an economic recovery .
The DirectBand network was developed with the assistance of SCA Data Systems .
Rumsfeld has been feuding for a long time with Army leadership , and he passed over nine active-duty four-star generals .
Stocks slipped at the open after the euro hit record highs against the dollar .
Late last week , sources told Reuters cable TV company Comcast Corp. CMCSA.O also was looking at buying VUE assets .
Stephen King , master of the horror story and e-book pioneer , is receiving this year 's medal for Distinguished Contributions to American Letters from the National Book Foundation .
Annan warned that the dangers of extremism after September 11 should not be used as an excuse to suppress " long-cherished " freedoms .
Mutinous troops who seized a Manila shopping and apartment complex demanding the government resign ended a 19-hour standoff late Sunday and returned to barracks without a shot fired .
White , who had kidney failure from years of high blood pressure , had been undergoing dialysis and had been hospitalized since a September stroke .
Mr McKinlay said that CIBA was involved in the importation of qat , a narcotic substance legal in Britain but banned in the US .
November 17 's last victim was British defense attache Stephen Saunders , who was shot and killed at point-blank range on a busy Athens road in June 2000 .
" Motorola has displayed clear disloyalty " to Symbian , said Per Lindberg , an analyst at Dresdner Kleinwort Wasserstein in London .
They remained in Camden County Jail on Sunday on $ 100,000 bail .
" It 's a new beginning as far as the courts , Crown Prosecution Service and police are concerned , making the criminal justice system work better . "
He killed himself after being exposed as the source for a BBC report which claimed the government exaggerated the case for war against Iraq .
" He is not considered a suspect , " McCabe said .
Rehnquist wrote that the system was not narrowly tailored to achieve the interest in educational diversity .
The high court will hear arguments today on whether companies can be sued under the ADA for refusing to rehire rehabilitated drug users .
The Senate motion also called on Prime Minister John Howard to hold a royal commission into child sex abuse .
The euro is up 9 percent against the dollar in the past six weeks .
Young said he was disappointed the government didn 't see the SARS crisis as worthy of federal disaster relief money .
He was arrested again Friday night at an Alpharetta restaurant where he was having dinner with his wife .
Environmental campaigners used the eclipse to highlight the surge in light pollution across Britain .
The fifth nominee for fiction is Scott Spencer , for A Ship Made of Paper .
Most economists had been expecting a far more dire report , with many expecting to see the fifth month of job losses in six months in September .
No dates have been set for the criminal or civil cases , but Shanley has pleaded not guilty .
" Allison just proves you don 't need to wait until August or September to have a disaster , " Lichter said .
The parents of a Briton being held hostage by Colombian rebels spoke yesterday of their optimism that he would be freed in time for his birthday next month .
" I would rather be talking about positive numbers rather than negative .
" We 'll be listening carefully to the ( IAEA ) director-general 's report at the next board meeting . "
" Shattered Glass " _ starring Hayden Christensen as Stephen Glass , The New Republic journalist fired for fabricating stories _ debuted well with $ 80,000 in eight theaters .
Prosecutors could not be reached for comment after the legal papers were obtained late Monday afternoon .
Armstrong County District Attorney Scott Andreassi said the many family photos in the home did not include Kristen .
During the third quarter , Lowe 's opened 38 new stores and now has 932 stores in 45 states .
Scotland Yard 's decision to issue new guidance has been prompted by new intelligence passed to Britain by the FBI in late July .
Indonesia 's army has been accused of human rights abuses during its earlier battles with GAM , charges it has generally denied .
License sales , a key measure of demand , fell 21 percent to $ 107.6 million .
Three times in a row , they failed to get a big _ enough turnout to elect a president .
In the second quarter last year , AK Steel reported a profit of $ 16.2 million , or 15 cents a share .
Terri Schiavo , 39 , underwent the procedure at the Tampa Bay area hospice where she has been living for several years , said her father , Bob Schindler .
Judge Craig Doran said he couldn 't determine if Hovan was " an evil man " but said he " has committed an evil act . "
SARS has killed about 800 people and sickened more than 8,400 worldwide , mostly in Asia .
Last May , Hatfill was struck by a vehicle being driven by an FBI employee who was tailing him in Washington 's Georgetown neighborhood .
A county firefighter , was struck by lightning and was in stable condition at Frankfort Regional Medical Center .
The Queens man arrested for allegedly threatening to shoot City Councilman Hiram Monserrate was held on $ 100,000 bail Saturday , a spokesman for the Queens district attorney said .
Walsh , also 40 , was in critical but stable condition at Staten Island University Hospital last night .
Cortisol levels in the saliva of day-care children were highest and rose most steeply in those whom day-care centre staffed judged to be the shyest .
That would clear the way for debate in the full Senate beginning on Monday .
Costa will play Juan Carlos Ferrero next in a rematch of last year 's final .
Dittemore announced his plans to resign on April 23 .
In hardest-hit Taipei , traffic has disappeared from once-bustling streets and department stores and restaurants are virtually empty .
Federal regulators have changed their minds on a proposed $ 2.8 billion merger of ice cream giants Nestle Holdings and Dreyer 's Grand Ice Cream .
" We are committed to helping the Iraqi people get on the path to a free society , " he said .
Senior vice president Sara Fields said the airline " will work professionally and cooperatively with all our unions . "
The AFL-CIO announced Wednesday that it will decide in October whether to endorse a candidate before the primaries .
Stanford ( 46-15 ) has a team full of such players this season .
Instead of one long operation to separate the twins , Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three , with several weeks between each .
In all , more than 70,000 troops based in Southern California were deployed to Iraq .
The purpose of the hearing is to determine whether Akbar should be court-martialled .
IBM said the Rational products were also integrated with Rational PurifyPlus , which allows developers to work in Java , Visual C # and VisualBasic .Net.
" From now onwards we will embark on rolling mass action at strategic times of our choice and without any warning to the dictatorship , " he said .
Its capacitance sensing technology electronically reads a fingerprint ; Sony says it can 't be fooled by paper copies and doesn 't require cleaning .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was down 25.36 points , or 1.53 percent , at 1,628.26 .
The Video Software Dealers Association said 28.2 million DVDs were rented out last week , compared to 27.3 million VHS cassettes .
In midday trading , the Dow Jones industrial average lost 68.84 , or 0.7 percent , to 9,248.80 .
The airline expects to save another $ 100-million a year through management layoffs and pay cuts .
Cases of breast cancer in Britain have reached a record high , with the number of women diagnosed with the disease passing the 40,000 mark for the first time .
" Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats - international terrorists - this Bush administration has chosen to settle old scores , " Graham said .
State and federal securities regulators filed civil charges against Putnam Investments and two portfolio managers in the ever-expanding mutual fund trading scandal .
For now , the company 's management appears to be standing behind Stewart .
Laos 's second most important export destination - said it was consulting EU member states ' ' with a view to taking appropriate action if necessary ' ' on the matter .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX gave up 11.91 points , or 1.19 percent , at 986.60 .
Chad Kolton , emergency management spokesman with the Department of Homeland Security , said the government is open to new ways to communicate .
On Wednesday , analysts say , UN members can no longer ignore the shifts since the attacks in the US of September 11 2001 .
The woman was exposed to the SARS virus while in the hospital but was not a health-care worker , said Dr Colin D 'Cunha , Ontario 's commissioner of public health .
His wife said he was " 100 percent behind George Bush " and looked forward to using his years of training in the war .
HPs shipments increased 48 per cent year-on-year , compared to an increase of 31 per cent for Dell .
Statistics from the Kansas Department of Health and Environment show that 11,844 abortions were performed in the state last year .
" They are obviously hurting so we are basically going over there to help them , " Russell , 46 , said .
On the week , the Dow Jones industrial average rose 11.56 points , while the Nasdaq Stock Market gained 39.42 points .
Three such vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organiser , who identified himself only as " Eleonora67 ] , " to extend the contest until 8am ( AEST ) today .
Citigroup ( C ) on Wednesday named Marjorie Magner chairman and chief executive of its colossal global consumer business .
The volume of plaque in Pravachol patients ' arteries rose by 3 % .
He said the Government still did not know the real reason the original Saudi buyer pulled out on August 21 .
Workplace Messaging is $ 29 , Workplace Team Collaboration is $ 89 , and Collaborative Learning is $ 35 .
After 18 months , the atorvastatin patients had no change in the plaque in their arteries .
Labor Department analysts discounted a slight improvement in the national unemployment rate , which fell in August to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent .
Tomorrow the book , kept under wraps by G. P. Putnam 's Sons since its inception , will appear in bookstores .
Close cooperation between regional law enforcement agencies and intelligence services was at the heart of the fight against terrorism , he said .
In math , 16 percent of elementary and middle school students and 9.6 percent of high school students must be proficient .
Columbia broke apart in the skies above Texas on Feb. 1 .
It 's happened five times in the last decade : A disaster puts this tourist town in the headlines during summer , its busiest season .
Some of the companys software developers will join Microsoft , but details havent been finalized , said Mike Nash , corporate vice president of Microsofts security business unit .
After Alabama voters rejected his $ 1.2 billion tax plan Sept . 9 , Riley forecast significant cuts in state programs .
Ross Garber , Rowland 's legal counsel , said the governor would have no comment on the condo deal .
So far the only declared major party candidate is Rep. Darrell Issa , a Republican who has spent $ 1.5 million of his own money to fund the recall .
" The evidence that we had of weapons of mass destruction was drawn up and accepted by the Joint Intelligence Committee , " he said .
The European Commission is expected to issue its decision in the case next spring — unless a settlement is reached .
The IRS said taxpayers can avoid problems with lost or stolen refunds by having refunds deposited directly into personal checking or savings accounts .
It has also said it would review all of its domestic employees more than 1 million to ensure they have legal status .
Palestinian Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas must defend the record of his first 100 days in office before Parliament today as the death toll in the occupied territories continues to rise .
Tom Kraynak , manager of operations and resources for the Canton , Ohio-based East Central Area Reliability Council , said investigators are considering the scenario .
Chiron has acceptances from holders of nearly 20 percent of PowderJect shares .
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI added 38 points , or 0.42 percent , to 9,165 .
After more than two years in detention by the State Security Bureau , the four were found guilty last Wednesday of subversion .
On Saturday , Roddick equalled the world record with a 149 m.p.h. serve in beating Andre Agassi .
The agency found further that a WD Energy employee discussed false reporting with traders at two other energy companies , which the CFTC didn 't identify .
" Rosenthal is hereby sentenced to custody of the Federal Bureau of Prisons for one day with credit for time served . "
Broomhead , 34 , was assigned to the 2nd Squadron , 3rd Armored Cavalry Regiment .
She started taking supplements two years ago - partly to stave off mild dementia that affects her elderly parents .
GE 's shares closed at $ 30.65 on Friday on the New York Stock Exchange .
The chain , which has been under new management since late 1999 , has more than 3,400 stores and $ 15.8 billion in annual revenue .
Only in the past few weeks have officials settled on the 20 percent figure .
BP shares slipped 48 cents to $ 41.72 Friday in trading on the New York Stock Exchange .
Nelson , 27 , is being retried on civil rights charges stemming from the disturbance that led to Rosenbaum 's death .
During difficult times for technology venture capital , Vivace raised over $ 118 million in three rounds of venture financing .
McBride characterized Novell 's move as " a desperate measure to curry favor with the Linux community . "
The group has already met several times and Gen. Garner said it probably will be expanded to include a Christian and perhaps another Sunni Muslim leader .
Rather , the US acted because the administration saw " existing evidence in a new light , through the prism of our experience on September 11 " .
" I think it happened very quickly , " said Investigator Phil Yochum of the Houston Police Department 's homicide division .
Governor Rowland said his decision was " not based on any one event . "
The dollar was at 116.78 yen JPY = , virtually flat on the session , and at 1.2871 against the Swiss franc CHF = , down 0.1 percent .
" I had one bad stretch of holes that put me out of contention , " Woods said , referring to his 42 on the front nine Saturday .
Toll last week offered to buy the company for NZ75c a share , or $ NZ158 million .
He 's not related to Malvo , but the two have referred to each other as father and son .
Its shares fell $ 9.61 to $ 50.26 , ranking as the NYSE 's most-active issue and its biggest percentage loser .
Several Florida officials connected to the case have received threatening letters , accompanied by rifle bullets .
" Today , we are trying to convey this problem to Russian President Vladimir Putin ( news - web sites ) and President Bush ( news - web sites ) . "
At least 40 of the outlets will be in California , and analysts expect four or more to be in San Diego County .
" It 's great to be back home , " said Lu , dressed in a woolly coat near the blackened capsule .
The judge had told the state Department of Mental Health to find supervised housing and treatment for DeVries somewhere in California .
The donation of 60,000 tons brings the total of U.S. contributions for the year to 100,000 .
The second-quarter results had a non-operating gain of 10 cents a share while the 2002 second-quarter performance had a net non-operating loss of 19 cents a share .
During President Bush 's trip to Africa earlier this month , however , Washington said it would support the increase .
Clinton ’ s national security adviser , Sandy Berger , said in an interview that the White House was not informed of the FBI activities .
Bishop Thomas O 'Brien , 67 , was booked on a charge of leaving the scene of a fatal accident .
Her 20-year-old sister , Allyson , was severely burned and remained hospitalized in critical condition .
The troops - whose mandate is to protect U.N. installations and personnel - can only fire in self-defense and have been unable to stem the violence .
Hebei has reported 191 cases and eight deaths , though the WHO experts did not say how many were in rural areas .
A 14 percent slide in crude prices this month and expectations of a build up in oil inventories compounded OPEC 's fears of a further softening of the market .
In Baghdad , police Lieut . Mothana Ali said about 1,000 demonstrators arrived at the station demanding jobs .
Morgenthau said the women , all U.S. citizens , lied on a sworn affidavit that requires them to list prior marriages .
He replaces Leland Brendsel , 61 , who retired as chairman and chief executive .
He said he has initiated a forfeiture action in court and frozen more than $ 13 million Beacon Hill had when it closed .
I stand 100 percent by it , and I think that our intelligence services gave us the correct intelligence and information at the time , " Blair said .
As executive vice president of new ventures , Elias will report to Joe Tucci , EMC 's president and chief executive .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 Index < .SPX > slipped 0.26 point , or 0.02 percent , to 1,121.96 .
Along with Boston , Watertown , Saugus and Framingham also are going smoke-free Monday .
They cover more than 300,000 UAW workers and 500,000 retirees and spouses .
Community college students will see their tuition rise by $ 300 to $ 2,800 or 12 percent .
Wal- Mart , Kohl 's Corp. , Family Dollar Stores Inc . , and Big Lots Inc. posted May sales that fell below Wall Street 's modest expectations .
Lee Boyd Malvo will be called as a witness Wednesday in a pretrial hearing for fellow sniper suspect John Allen Muhammad .
Bethany , who remained in stable condition after the attack Friday morning , talked of the attack Saturday .
Cintas is battling efforts to unionize 17,000 of its workers and labor 's demands to let its workers organize by signing cards , rather than by a lengthy election process .
President Bush has raised $ 83.9 million since beginning his re-election campaign in May , and has $ 70 million of that left to spend , his campaign said Tuesday .
The world 's largest software company said it recognized the difficulty the multiple patches posed for companies trying to apply them .
Ridge said no real explosives or harmful devices will be used in the exercise .
The British pound flexed its muscle against the dollar , last up 1 percent at $ 1.6672 .
" These are not solely American principles nor are they exclusively Western , " Rumsfeld said .
" The risk of inflation becoming undesirably low remains the predominant concern for the foreseeable future , " the policy-setting Federal Open Market Committee said .
On the stand Wednesday , she testified that she was referring to the kissing before the alleged rape .
Myanmar 's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will be kept under house arrest following her release from a hospital where she underwent surgery , her personal physician said Friday .
He is charged in three bombings in Atlanta - including a blast at the 1996 Olympics - along with the bombing in Alabama .
Lapidus expects Ford to be down 5 percent , Chrysler down 10 percent and foreign brands up 4 percent driven by strong truck sales at Honda .
News that the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries was lowering output starting in November exacerbated a stock sell-off already under way yesterday .
A Stage 1 episode is declared when ozone levels reach 0.20 parts per million .
Morgan Stanley raised its rating on the company to " overweight " from " equal-weight , " saying the beverage maker 's pricing power with bottlers should improve in 2004 .
The purpose of the hearing is to determine whether Akbar should be court-martialled .
Sales rose 37 per cent year-on-year to 1.76bn , beating expectations .
Hester said Sanmina 's offer was the best among several Newisys received from electronics manufacturers and computer makers .
Bin Laden ’ s men pointed out that raising and distributing funds has been complicated by the U.S. crackdown on jihadi charitable foundations , bank accounts of terror-related organizations and money transfers .
At least 26 American troops have been killed in hostile fire since major combat was officially declared over on May 1 .
A Lieberman aide said there were no immediate plans for television advertising .
The program will be expanded to include areas of the Middle East such as Dubai , Turkey and Malaysia , Mr. Ridge said .
By skirting the FDA 's oversight , Eagan said the quality of the imported drugs is " less predictable " than U.S. drugs .
Since the initial takeover offer , Salix shares have risen about 35 percent .
Worldwide , Les Misérables has been seen by over 50 million people , with a total gross of over $ 2 billion .
" Sanitation is poor , drinking water is generally left behind . . . there could be typhoid and cholera . "
In math , 16 percent of elementary and middle school students and 9.6 percent of high school students must be proficient .
Consumers who said jobs are difficult to find jumped to 32.6 from 29.4 , while those saying work was plentiful slipped to 12.6 from 13 in April .
Billups scored 77 points in the final two games of the first-round series against the Magic .
Falconer will hold on , for now , to the Lord Chancellor 's Great Seal , used to sign off instructions from the sovereign .
We firmly believe that we have an absolute right to use the common word ' spike ' to name our network .
But Ms Ward said the headroom under its financial covenants was " tight " and that there could be a rating downgrade if Southcorp did breach any banking covenants .
Taiwan had been relatively free of the viral infection until a severe outbreak at a Taipei hospital in late April .
The film is the second of a trilogy , which will wrap up in November with " The Matrix Revolutions . "
McDonald 's said in a statement that it does not import any raw beef or hamburger patties from Canada for use in the United States .
Now the rest is just mechanical , " said Allan Hoffenblum , a Republican consultant .
He said about 40 people attended the traditional Jewish ceremony colored by some nontraditional touches .
The team will help draft a plan by the end of the year to attack obesity .
The Iranians have until the end of the month to answer all the agency 's questions about their past nuclear activities .
The dead man , Leon Williams , was found in his third-floor apartment .
It was still not known exactly how many people were on the plane , which could carry 141 passengers and crew .
In response to sluggish sales , Cisco pared spending .
Spansion Flash memory solutions are available worldwide from AMD and Fujitsu .
Ships carry 95 percent of international cargo to the United States .
The time was about 4 a.m. on March 18 , just hours before the first pinpoint missiles rained down on the capital .
At the end of the second quarter , Intel initially predicted sales of between $ 6.9 billion and $ 7.5 billion .
Justice Minister Martin Cauchon and Prime Minister Jean Chretien both have said the government will introduce legislation to decriminalize possession of small amounts of pot .
Thursday morning , PeopleSoft 's board rejected the Oracle takeover offer .
" I think it 's going to be a close vote , but I think the grant proposal 's going to win , " said Sen. Mitch McConnell , assistant majority leader .
The euro was steady versus the Swiss franc after hitting its highest since mid-2001 of 1.5261 earlier in the session .
Gagne struck out two in a perfect ninth inning for his 23rd save .
Donations stemming from the Sept . 11 attacks helped push up contributions to human service organizations by 15 percent and to large branches of the United Way by 28.6 percent .
Canadian officials were also expected to meet yesterday with the International Organization for Epizootics ( OIE ) , which establishes animal-health standards for the world .
" He may not have been there , " said a defence official speaking on condition of anonymity .
The vendor has added 100 new third-party systems and 100 new components to the operating system 's Hardware Compatibility List ( HCL ) .
He said federal regulators would work with the corporation to ensure a " smooth transition . "
Goodrem spent yesterday resting in her family home in Sydney and will have more tests today to determine her exact treatment .
The second vulnerability is a result of IE not implementing a block on a file download dialog box .
Hussein loyalists have been blamed for sabotaging the nation 's infrastructure and attacking US soldiers .
Prosecutors said PW Marketing violated the 1998 anti-spam law because these unsolicited e-mails were sent without a free call number for recipients to phone to stop additional mailings .
Gibson said in a June statement that he and his film are not anti-Semitic .
She said no company official had received " an individual target letter at this time . "
Bryant has said that hike had a greater effect on demand than officials expected .
The Institute said dioxin levels in the environment have fallen by as much as 76 percent since the 1970s .
U.S. companies slashed payrolls for a seventh straight month in August , raising new worries that a weak jobs market could shackle the budding economic recovery .
Asked if the delegates could leave on Friday , police intelligence chief Surya Dharma told reporters : " Of course they may not go .
The second vulnerability is a result of IE not implementing a block on a file download dialog box .
" As long as we don 't march on Tehran , I think we are going to be in pretty good shape , " he said .
The premium edition adds ISA Server , SQL Server and a specialized edition of BizTalk 2004 .
It 's been a busy couple of days for enterprise security gurus tasked with the job of keeping their companies safe and sound .
As he sat down to hear the indictment , Samudra looked over to his nine lawyers and shouted " Takbir ! " , or " Proclaim ! " , a religious rallying cry .
A former Utah Power meter reader pleaded guilty Wednesday to bombing a power substation during the 2002 Winter Olympics .
The OpForce product currently works with Solaris , AIX , Red Hat Linux and Windows servers .
Drax ’ s troubles began late last year when it lost its most lucrative sales contract , with the insolvent utility TXU Europe .
" The court and the public need to know more of the defendants ' seemingly massive fraud , " he said .
" I don 't know whether the person I 'm talking to now may end up being someone else , " Parrish said .
GE 's shares closed at $ 30.65 on Friday on the New York Stock Exchange .
" For the first time , there is an easy and affordable way of making this treasure trove of BBC content available to all , " Dyke said .
A recent poll showed Edwards in a virtual four-way tie at the top in South Carolina , and he plans a rally there later on Tuesday .
Already large swells and dangerous surf have arrived along the mid-Atlantic .
Ms Stewart , 61 , its chief executive officer and chairwoman , did not attend .
HAINAN PROVINCE , China : Singapore Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong said China plays an important role in the integration of Asia .
The inquiry may hinder Chief Executive Phil Condit 's strategy of bolstering defense-related sales during a slump in jetliner deliveries .
Funny Cide is looking to become horse racing 's first Triple Crown winner in a generation .
Such an amount would probably be unable to summon a majority of the Senate , where Republican moderates have refused to go above $ 350 billion .
The Harrisons ’ lawyer Paul LiCalsi said : “ I ’ ve never heard of more reprehensible behaviour by a doctor .
The Dow Jones industrial average < .DJI > rose 49 points , or 0.47 percent , to 10,578 .
She told the New York Daily News she remembers only the intern 's first name , which she refused to reveal .
It 's just that they never climb out of the beer again . "
The firewall in the current Windows XP was known as the Internet Connection Firewall ( ICF ) .
The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC dipped 8.59 points , or 0.48 percent , to 1,773.54 .
The quarterlies usually stay in stores for between six to eight weeks , " Carney added .
No matter who becomes the sponsor for stock-car racings top series , NASCAR will need an all-star event , Wheeler said Tuesday .
The two had battled over custody and he allegedly told her in an angry phone call that he had no intention of following their new custody agreement .
The civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month _ sliding down to 6.1 percent _ as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000 amid continuing mixed signals about the nation 's economic health .
" The idea that Tony Abbott is in some way a one-dimensional political head kicker couldn 't be more wrong . "
The first products will likely be dongles costing $ 100 to $ 150 that will establish connections between consumer electronics devices and PCs .
Mr. Weill 's longtime confidant , Charles O. Prince , 53 , was named as his successor .
" I was surprised it turned out me talking and the president just listening . . . It was mostly a monologue . "
Around the same time , hospital officials in and near Chicago will notice a sudden increase in people complaining of flu-like symptoms .
The decision came a year after Whipple ended federal oversight of school busing as well as the district 's racial balance , facilities and budget .
It has a margin of error of plus or minus three to four percentage points .
Miodrag Zivkovic , of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro , won 31 percent of the vote while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got four percent .
President Bush flies to Uganda Friday hoping to polish his anti- AIDS credentials in a country hailed as an African pioneer in fighting the epidemic .
The government now charges that Sattar conspired with Rahman to kill and kidnap individuals in foreign countries .
Including the charge , the Santa Clara , Calif.-based company said Monday it lost $ 1.04 billion , or 32 cents per share , in the period ending June 30 .
If the MTA 's appeal is successful , the $ 2 bus and subway base fare won 't change .
The vote for mayor followed City Council elections that gave Kurds the largest block of votes on the 30-seat council .
At the service Morrill 's widow , Ellie , sobbed and hugged Bondeson 's sister-in-law as people consoled her .
The market remains pinned in a narrow range after a powerful rally pushed the broad S & P 500 index up more than 20 percent since mid-March .
BusinessWeek Online has learned that the settlement could come as early as Monday , May 19 .
